
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.272838                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1272838272500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               53463965562501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 126465                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   169238                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              297165155                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1816916                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4283.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   541682068                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     724891266                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     42614848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          42614848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     25239936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       25239936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       665857                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             665857                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       394374                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            394374                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     33480175                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             33480175                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     19829649                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            19829649                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     53309824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            53309824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     665857                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    394374                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   665857                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  394374                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              42569088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  45760                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               25239872                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               42614848                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            25239936                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   715                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            42154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            43900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            42137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            41239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            40396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            40721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            40647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            41187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            41580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            41371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           41763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           42148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           41828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           41511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           40940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           41620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            25303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            26568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            25612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            24504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            23768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            23945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            23915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            24440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            24708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            24637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           24726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           24721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           24654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           24305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           24108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           24459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1272847085500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               665857                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              394374                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 664654                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    488                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   549                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 24488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 24588                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 24590                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 24595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 24596                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 24593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 24591                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 24591                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 24587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 24586                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 24582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 24583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 24581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 24580                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 24580                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 24580                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       502356                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   134.981631                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    96.061304                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   158.628088                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       347986     69.27%     69.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        82536     16.43%     85.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        23641      4.71%     90.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        25197      5.02%     95.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        10206      2.03%     97.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4091      0.81%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2971      0.59%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2732      0.54%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2996      0.60%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       502356                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        24580                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     27.061188                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.910368                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    13.109956                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-15            41      0.17%      0.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-31        18002     73.24%     73.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-47         5020     20.42%     93.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-63          796      3.24%     97.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-79          467      1.90%     98.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-95          180      0.73%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::96-111           40      0.16%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::112-127           17      0.07%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-143           11      0.04%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::144-159            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::160-175            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::192-207            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-271            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        24580                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        24580                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.044467                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.041951                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.295235                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           24029     97.76%     97.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              16      0.07%     97.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18             528      2.15%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19               7      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        24580                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 12824910491                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            25296322991                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                3325710000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    19281.46                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               38031.46                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       33.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       19.83                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    33.48                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    19.83                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  340011                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 217147                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                51.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               55.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   1200537.51                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   52.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              1911447720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              1042952625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             2617914000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            1284031440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         83604721200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        240372663390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        557159275500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          887993005875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           693.733255                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 921127220001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  42502980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 309212021249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              1903812120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              1038786375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             2619575400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            1272646080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         83604721200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        240826729950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        556760979750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          888027250875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           693.760001                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 920751962000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  42502980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 309586704250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     42498304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          42498304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     25137920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       25137920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       664036                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             664036                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       392780                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            392780                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     33388613                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             33388613                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     19749500                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            19749500                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     53138113                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            53138113                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     664036                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    392780                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   664036                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  392780                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              42488256                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  10048                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               25137920                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               42498304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            25137920                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   157                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            42323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            43198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            41564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            41151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            40444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            40621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            40552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            41211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            41568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            41396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           41706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           42222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           41736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           41422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           41062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           41703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            25449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            25955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            24994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            24491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            23762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            23862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            23861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            24423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            24693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            24561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           24721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           24685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           24470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           24239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           24114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           24500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1272829872500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               664036                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              392780                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 663430                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   502                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 24385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 24495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 24499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 24507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 24497                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 24502                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 24494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 24506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 24496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 24491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 24491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 24490                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 24488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 24488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 24487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 24487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       502421                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   134.600871                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    95.618332                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   159.279514                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       350471     69.76%     69.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        80570     16.04%     85.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        22980      4.57%     90.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        25068      4.99%     95.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        10407      2.07%     97.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4040      0.80%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3097      0.62%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2658      0.53%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3130      0.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       502421                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        24487                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     27.112386                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.904900                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    13.313872                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-15            41      0.17%      0.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-31        17765     72.55%     72.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-47         5058     20.66%     93.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-63          915      3.74%     97.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-79          454      1.85%     98.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-95          175      0.71%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::96-111           36      0.15%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::112-127           23      0.09%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-143           15      0.06%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::144-159            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::160-175            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::192-207            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::208-223            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::272-287            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        24487                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        24487                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.040348                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.038054                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.281921                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           23991     97.97%     97.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              11      0.04%     98.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18             478      1.95%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19               7      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        24487                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 12674844740                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            25122575990                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                3319395000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    19092.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               37842.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       33.38                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       19.75                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    33.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    19.75                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  340147                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 214092                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                51.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               54.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   1204400.65                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   52.45                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              1907818920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              1040972625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             2607493200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            1275924960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         83604721200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        240412396950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        557124429750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          887973757605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           693.718210                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 921109250501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  42502980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 309225585999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              1908023040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              1041084000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             2620277400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            1270442880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         83604721200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        241065483570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        556551538500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          888061570590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           693.786820                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 920495822751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  42502980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 309842829749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     42544064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          42544064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     25096896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       25096896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       664751                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             664751                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       392139                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            392139                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     33424564                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             33424564                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     19717270                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            19717270                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     53141834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            53141834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     664751                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    392139                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   664751                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  392139                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              42529408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  14656                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               25097088                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               42544064                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            25096896                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   229                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            42260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            43676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            41683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            41202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            40447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            40555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            40744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            41166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            41475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            41452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           41808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           42152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           41807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           41541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           40938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           41616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            25395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            25318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            24831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            24494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            23774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            23793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            24015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            24349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            24685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            24693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           24746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           24684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           24621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           24204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           24119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           24421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 1272831578500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               664751                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              392139                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 664047                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    474                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                   461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                   500                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 24374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 24463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 24457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 24459                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 24459                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 24457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 24453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 24454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 24454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 24450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 24451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 24450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 24451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 24450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 24448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 24448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       502671                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   134.534564                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    95.511708                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   159.513718                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       351364     69.90%     69.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        79850     15.89%     85.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        23034      4.58%     90.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        25120      5.00%     95.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639        10370      2.06%     97.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3980      0.79%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3070      0.61%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2725      0.54%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3158      0.63%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       502671                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        24448                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     27.182346                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.985728                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    13.325109                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-15            34      0.14%      0.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16-31        17675     72.30%     72.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-47         5161     21.11%     93.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::48-63          860      3.52%     97.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::64-79          463      1.89%     98.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::80-95          175      0.72%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::96-111           38      0.16%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::112-127           21      0.09%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-143           13      0.05%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::144-159            2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::160-175            2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::176-191            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::192-207            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::208-223            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::272-287            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        24448                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        24448                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.039840                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.037591                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.279016                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16           23955     97.98%     97.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17              15      0.06%     98.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18             475      1.94%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19               3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        24448                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 12699444737                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            25159232237                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                3322610000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    19110.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               37860.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       33.41                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       19.72                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    33.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    19.72                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  340368                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 213626                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                51.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               54.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   1204317.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   52.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              1907433360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy              1040762250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             2612672400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy            1270540080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy         83604721200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        240651738810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        556914480750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          888002348850                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           693.740546                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 920738773251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  42502980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 309595886249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              1910245680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy              1042296750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             2619957600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy            1271680560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy         83604721200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        241529545080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        556144475250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          888122922120                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           693.834743                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 919751627999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  42502980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 310587038251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     42640192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          42640192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     25229184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       25229184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       666253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             666253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       394206                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            394206                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     33500086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             33500086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     19821202                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            19821202                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     53321288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            53321288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     666253                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    394206                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   666253                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  394206                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              42626688                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  13504                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               25229056                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               42640192                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            25229184                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   211                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            42580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            42483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            41658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            41519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            40543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            40801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            40805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            41304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            41774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            41519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           41916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           42424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           42056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           41760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           41119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           41781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            25413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            25475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            24911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            24755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            23896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            24026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            24013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            24484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            24838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            24703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           24841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           24950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           24623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           24429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           24241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           24606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 1272838047500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               666253                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              394206                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 665614                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    428                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                   412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                   441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 24493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 24591                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 24591                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 24596                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 24597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 24591                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 24594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 24600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 24591                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 24588                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 24590                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 24590                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 24587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 24585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 24584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 24584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       520133                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   130.458448                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    94.780095                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   153.039792                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       354108     68.08%     68.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255       102154     19.64%     87.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21471      4.13%     91.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19004      3.65%     95.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        10502      2.02%     97.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4230      0.81%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3140      0.60%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2684      0.52%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2840      0.55%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       520133                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        24584                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     27.093435                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.850490                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    13.422823                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            29      0.12%      0.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-23        11901     48.41%     48.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24-31         6227     25.33%     73.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-39         4027     16.38%     90.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::40-47          642      2.61%     92.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::48-55          563      2.29%     95.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::56-63          452      1.84%     96.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::64-71          337      1.37%     98.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::72-79          159      0.65%     99.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::80-87          102      0.41%     99.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::88-95           58      0.24%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::96-103           26      0.11%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::104-111           12      0.05%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::112-119           14      0.06%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::120-127           15      0.06%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-135           12      0.05%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::216-223            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        24584                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        24584                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.034982                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.032999                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.262034                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16           24151     98.24%     98.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17               8      0.03%     98.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18             423      1.72%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19               2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        24584                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 13546718744                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            26035006244                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                3330210000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    20339.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               39089.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       33.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       19.82                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    33.50                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    19.82                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  317148                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 222965                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                47.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               56.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   1200270.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   50.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              1970612280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy              1075234875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             2612204400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy            1276903440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy         83604721200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        239401957950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        558010779750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          887952413895                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           693.701535                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 922245298501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  42502980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 308089768999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              1978935840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy              1079776500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             2632336200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy            1278601200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy         83604721200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        240397508835                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        557137489500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          888109369275                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           693.824155                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 921070080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  42502980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 309268586250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2545079137                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1142949                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2476792                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              2422970                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    39                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      74402                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       161368                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     2422970                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           39                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            4938607                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           2002672                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  63                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                 31                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             1332801                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             732028                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       587765                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     362349                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    225416                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2537842925.560393                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              7236211.439607                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.002843                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.997157                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           258564                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                40688      1.64%      1.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  1830471     73.90%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    4274      0.17%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    13586      0.55%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                     30      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  362349     14.63%     90.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 225416      9.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   2476814                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2547865229                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  533904976                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    709281834                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            508903417                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             331101068                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     435943                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     31473552                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   508903417                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    331101068                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         1070316781                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         339924509                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           564014582                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          276695748                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           220331384                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          241389055                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    152865814                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   94779634                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  58086180                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              10251804.570796                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2537613424.429204                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.995976                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.004024                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         33889447                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               955518      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                444148241     62.62%     62.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   25696      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   145136      0.02%     62.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              111149730     15.67%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                94779634     13.36%     91.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               58086180      8.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 709290135                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      2542978557                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     861145                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      1857194                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              1814272                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      51406                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       130715                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     1814272                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            3679644                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           1502597                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             1029417                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes             545439                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       441832                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     277268                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    164564                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              2537547077.559941                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              5431479.440059                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.002136                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.997864                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           198697                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                31972      1.72%      1.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  1368642     73.69%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    3768      0.20%     75.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    10983      0.59%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  277268     14.93%     91.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 164564      8.86%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   1857197                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      2543444385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    2953790                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      5871797                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              5768796                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1826                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     150322                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       496597                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     5768796                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         1826                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           11494476                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           4688115                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                3068                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               1448                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             3698859                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            2005685                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1328266                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     859304                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    468962                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              2528492430.032907                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              14951954.967093                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.005879                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.994121                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           674577                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                39907      0.68%      0.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  4484445     76.37%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    4834      0.08%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    13060      0.22%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   1376      0.02%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  859304     14.63%     92.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 468962      7.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   5871888                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  710                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 710                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1541                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1541                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                12                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               12                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          660                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          674                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    4526                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          927                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2239                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1348                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1300                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1321                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1316                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     6268                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                26496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             1214500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              760999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              854282                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy              761000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              785498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy                4500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             2114000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              508000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              496500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy              506500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               90683961                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.494631                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 1.927034                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    85079901     93.82%     93.82% |        4764      0.01%     93.83% |     5597846      6.17%    100.00% |         416      0.00%    100.00% |        1024      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 90683961                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    936797696                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000511                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   936797451    100.00%    100.00% |         245      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    936797696                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      936797696                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.735479                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.092126                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         9.821592                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   936648275     99.98%     99.98% |       94922      0.01%     99.99% |       50951      0.01%    100.00% |        2108      0.00%    100.00% |        1299      0.00%    100.00% |         112      0.00%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        936797696                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    897443783                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   897443783    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    897443783                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     39353913                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    18.507663                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     8.148228                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    44.750661                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    39204492     99.62%     99.62% |       94922      0.24%     99.86% |       50951      0.13%     99.99% |        2108      0.01%    100.00% |        1299      0.00%    100.00% |         112      0.00%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     39353913                      
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits       521558                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses        65428                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses       586986                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits      1424500                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses        88597                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses      1513097                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits    127719166                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses     38108249                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses    165827415                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits    761349132                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses       749072                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses    762098204                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits       389601                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses        52063                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses       441664                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits      1075166                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses        65838                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses      1141004                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits      1197839                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses       132471                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses      1330310                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits      3766821                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses        92195                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses      3859016                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits        111995                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses        42030                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses       154025                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits      29762576                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses      9094745                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses     38857321                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits         86519                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses        31382                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses       117901                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits        141028                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses        83638                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses       224666                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      6576931                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      2674864                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      9251795                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            14                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.006364                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0        42030                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20826                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1        46602                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1        26773                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2        27219                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         4143                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         7695                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5182                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0       336240                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       166608                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3355344                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       214184                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       217752                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       298296                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       554040                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        41456                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     1.591173                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0      9094745                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6552                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1      9096227                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1      8909525                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8903482                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      5542779                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          104                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3358170                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0     72757960                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        52416                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    654928344                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     71276200                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     71227856                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    399080088                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         7488                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     26865360                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.005312                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0        31382                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21498                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1        43018                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19264                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::2        19760                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         2395                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4042                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3896                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0       251056                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       171984                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3097296                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       154112                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       158080                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       172440                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       291024                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        31168                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.013771                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0        83638                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2        18811                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1        88690                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1        67840                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::2        64822                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        34555                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4287                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        19372                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0       669104                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       150488                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6385680                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       542720                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       518576                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2487960                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       308664                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       154976                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     2.050737                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0     11912692                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2        44844                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1     13480999                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1     12732139                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9015283                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      5583872                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        16128                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3386620                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0     95301536                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       358752                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    970631928                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    101857112                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     72122264                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    402038784                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1161216                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     27092960                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.109411                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0       665857                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1060231                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1       933054                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0      5326856                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     76336632                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7464432                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.109071                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0       664036                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1056816                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       931036                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0      5312288                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     76090752                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7448288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.109105                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0       664751                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1056890                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       933061                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0      5318008                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     76096080                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7464488                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.109445                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0       666253                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1060459                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       934058                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0      5330024                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     76353048                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7472464                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.273641                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0     11912692                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::2        67687                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::1     13494966                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::1     12743375                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9015283                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      5583872                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        16128                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3386620                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0     95301536                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       541496                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    971637552                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    101947000                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     72122264                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    402038784                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1161216                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     27092960                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        35738076                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       180218                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     40484898                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     65275974                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     16800000                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     10159860                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        285904608                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      1441744                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   2914912656                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    522207792                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data   1209600000                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     81278880                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.007858                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20826                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        40246                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        17026                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       166608                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2897712                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       136208                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004870                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        42030                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         6356                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9747                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        27219                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         4143                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         7695                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5182                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       336240                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       457632                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        77976                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       217752                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       298296                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       554040                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        41456                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     1.782579                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6552                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      9094068                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      8904241                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        52416                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    654772896                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     71233928                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     1.399767                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      9094745                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         2159                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         5284                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8903482                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      5542779                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          104                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3358170                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     72757960                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       155448                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        42272                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     71227856                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    399080088                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         7488                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     26865360                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005997                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21498                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30643                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         8057                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       171984                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2206296                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        64456                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004627                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        31382                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        12375                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        11207                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        19760                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         2395                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4042                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3896                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       251056                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       891000                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        89656                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       158080                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       172440                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       291024                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        31168                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.016108                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        18811                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        82756                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        56486                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       150488                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5958432                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       451888                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.011434                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        83638                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5934                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        11354                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        64822                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        34555                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4287                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        19372                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       669104                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       427248                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        90832                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       518576                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2487960                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       308664                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       154976                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     1.940470                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      9251795                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2673754                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2678710                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9015283                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      5583872                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        16128                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3386620                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     74014360                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    192510288                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     21429680                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     72122264                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    402038784                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1161216                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     27092960                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     2.161005                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      2660897                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        44844                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1     10807245                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1     10053429                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     21287176                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       358752                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    778121640                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     80427432                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.088082                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       665857                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       394374                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       269340                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      5326856                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28394928                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2154720                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.130740                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       665857                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       663714                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     47941704                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5309712                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.087760                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       664036                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       392780                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       269128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      5312288                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28280160                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2153024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.130382                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       664036                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       661908                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     47810592                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5295264                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.087687                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       664751                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       392139                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       270461                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      5318008                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28234008                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2163688                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.130522                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       664751                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       662600                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     47862072                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5300800                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.088072                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       666253                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       394206                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       269926                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      5330024                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28382832                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2159408                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.130818                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       666253                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       664132                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     47970216                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5313056                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.link_utilization     0.007858                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20826                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1        40246                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1        17026                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       166608                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2897712                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       136208                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.link_utilization     1.782579                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6552                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1      9094068                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1      8904241                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        52416                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    654772896                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     71233928                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.link_utilization     0.005997                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21498                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30643                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1         8057                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       171984                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2206296                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        64456                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.link_utilization     0.016108                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2        18811                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1        82756                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1        56486                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       150488                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5958432                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       451888                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.link_utilization     1.940470                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0      9251795                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2673754                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2678710                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9015283                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      5583872                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        16128                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3386620                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0     74014360                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    192510288                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     21429680                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     72122264                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    402038784                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1161216                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     27092960                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.link_utilization     0.088082                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0       665857                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1       394374                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1       269340                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0      5326856                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28394928                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2154720                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.link_utilization     0.087760                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0       664036                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       392780                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       269128                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0      5312288                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28280160                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2153024                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.link_utilization     0.087687                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Control::0       664751                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       392139                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       270461                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Control::0      5318008                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28234008                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2163688                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.link_utilization     0.088072                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Control::0       666253                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       394206                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       269926                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Control::0      5330024                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28382832                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2159408                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle14.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      27237570                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.641414                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        3.231884                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    21651055     79.49%     79.49% |        1692      0.01%     79.50% |     5583427     20.50%     99.99% |         390      0.00%    100.00% |         996      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        27237570                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      62956028                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.002334                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.129410                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    62931256     99.96%     99.96% |        7227      0.01%     99.97% |        1171      0.00%     99.97% |        1901      0.00%     99.98% |       14302      0.02%    100.00% |         117      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        62956028                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        490363                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000029                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.007556                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      490356    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          490363                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    108896615                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       4.818204                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.643600                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     21.185744                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   108805981     99.92%     99.92% |       61407      0.06%     99.97% |       27661      0.03%    100.00% |         878      0.00%    100.00% |         623      0.00%    100.00% |          50      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     108896615                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     82458874                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    82458874    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     82458874                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     26437741                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    16.727118                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     7.742143                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    40.760938                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    26347107     99.66%     99.66% |       61407      0.23%     99.89% |       27661      0.10%     99.99% |         878      0.00%    100.00% |         623      0.00%    100.00% |          50      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     26437741                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     58800937                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       5.386814                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.554588                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     25.593920                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    58743019     99.90%     99.90% |       32878      0.06%     99.96% |       23068      0.04%    100.00% |        1223      0.00%    100.00% |         674      0.00%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      58800937                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     46982853                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    46982853    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     46982853                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     11818084                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    22.826618                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     8.982216                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    53.652088                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    11760166     99.51%     99.51% |       32878      0.28%     99.79% |       23068      0.20%     99.98% |        1223      0.01%     99.99% |         674      0.01%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     11818084                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    768611321                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.017759                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.002967                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.899608                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   768610639    100.00%    100.00% |         518      0.00%    100.00% |         158      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    768611321                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    767615619                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   767615619    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    767615619                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       995702                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    14.708612                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     9.846738                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    20.905386                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      995020     99.93%     99.93% |         518      0.05%     99.98% |         158      0.02%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       995702                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       219825                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     6.081842                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     2.141834                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    20.541249                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      218130     99.23%     99.23% |        1555      0.71%     99.94% |          55      0.03%     99.96% |          41      0.02%     99.98% |          29      0.01%     99.99% |          12      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       219825                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       139317                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      139317    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       139317                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        80508                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    14.875838                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     8.002065                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    32.094979                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       78813     97.89%     97.89% |        1555      1.93%     99.83% |          55      0.07%     99.89% |          41      0.05%     99.95% |          29      0.04%     99.98% |          12      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        80508                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       134499                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     4.642890                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.547768                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    16.783752                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      133631     99.35%     99.35% |         821      0.61%     99.97% |          11      0.01%     99.97% |          12      0.01%     99.98% |          15      0.01%     99.99% |           8      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       134499                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       112621                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      112621    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       112621                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        21878                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    23.395329                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    14.663958                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    36.219434                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       21010     96.03%     96.03% |         821      3.75%     99.79% |          11      0.05%     99.84% |          12      0.05%     99.89% |          15      0.07%     99.96% |           8      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        21878                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       134499                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      134499    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       134499                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       134499                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      134499    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       134499                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      665857     25.02%     25.02% |      664036     24.96%     49.98% |      664751     24.98%     74.96% |      666253     25.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      2660897                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      394374     25.06%     25.06% |      392780     24.96%     50.03% |      392139     24.92%     74.95% |      394206     25.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1573499                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      665857     25.02%     25.02% |      664036     24.96%     49.98% |      664751     24.98%     74.96% |      666253     25.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      2660897                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      394374     25.06%     25.06% |      392780     24.96%     50.03% |      392139     24.92%     74.95% |      394206     25.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1573499                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      269340     24.97%     24.97% |      269128     24.95%     49.91% |      270461     25.07%     74.98% |      269926     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      1078855                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      665857     25.02%     25.02% |      664036     24.96%     49.98% |      664751     24.98%     74.96% |      666253     25.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      2660897                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      394374     25.06%     25.06% |      392780     24.96%     50.03% |      392139     24.92%     74.95% |      394206     25.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1573499                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      269340     24.97%     24.97% |      269128     24.95%     49.91% |      270461     25.07%     74.98% |      269926     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      1078855                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      665857     25.02%     25.02% |      664036     24.96%     49.98% |      664751     24.98%     74.96% |      666253     25.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      2660897                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      394374     25.06%     25.06% |      392780     24.96%     50.03% |      392139     24.92%     74.95% |      394206     25.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1573499                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |      332929      0.31%      0.31% |   107520187     98.74%     99.04% |      257469      0.24%     99.28% |      786030      0.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total    108896615                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     1513097      0.20%      0.20% |   762098204     99.15%     99.35% |     1141004      0.15%     99.50% |     3859016      0.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    768611321                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |      254057      0.43%      0.43% |    58307228     98.34%     98.77% |      184195      0.31%     99.08% |      544280      0.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total     59289760                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |       26480      6.26%      6.26% |      345999     81.86%     88.12% |       23479      5.55%     93.68% |       26718      6.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total       422676                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |      144563      0.37%      0.37% |    38636171     98.81%     99.18% |      107759      0.28%     99.45% |      214657      0.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total     39103150                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |       86173     11.93%     11.93% |      467815     64.74%     76.67% |       75354     10.43%     87.09% |       93263     12.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total       722605                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       67852      0.18%      0.18% |    38389506     99.37%     99.55% |       42547      0.11%     99.66% |      131403      0.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total     38631308                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       46631      0.18%      0.18% |    26253040     99.30%     99.48% |       38115      0.14%     99.62% |       99955      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     26437741                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       88597      8.90%      8.90% |      749072     75.23%     84.13% |       65838      6.61%     90.74% |       92195      9.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       995702                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       17516      0.15%      0.15% |    11854560     99.48%     99.62% |       13293      0.11%     99.73% |       31718      0.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store::total     11917087                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |       18297     10.44%     10.44% |      125515     71.61%     82.05% |       13981      7.98%     90.02% |       17490      9.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total       175283                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       43532     18.61%     18.61% |       99479     42.54%     61.15% |       40692     17.40%     78.55% |       50160     21.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       233863                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     1123484      8.42%      8.42% |     9658537     72.43%     80.85% |      971525      7.29%     88.14% |     1581621     11.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     13335167                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        1281     37.87%     37.87% |         649     19.18%     57.05% |         655     19.36%     76.41% |         798     23.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         3383                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2889      3.76%      3.76% |       66282     86.18%     89.93% |        3391      4.41%     94.34% |        4352      5.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        76914                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |       82008     12.77%     12.77% |      400911     62.42%     75.18% |       71323     11.10%     86.29% |       88086     13.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total       642328                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |       56439      0.11%      0.11% |    51275051     99.45%     99.56% |       42616      0.08%     99.64% |      185563      0.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     51559669                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |      301016      0.04%      0.04% |   751690595     99.66%     99.70% |      103641      0.01%     99.71% |     2185200      0.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total    754280452                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |        8809      0.14%      0.14% |     6310811     99.20%     99.34% |        6633      0.10%     99.45% |       35156      0.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      6361409                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2287      1.45%      1.45% |      149003     94.69%     96.15% |        3660      2.33%     98.47% |        2406      1.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total       157356                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |       37956      0.19%      0.19% |    20074435     99.42%     99.61% |       18302      0.09%     99.70% |       61376      0.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total     20192069                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      186327      0.61%      0.61% |    29892617     97.48%     98.09% |      136046      0.44%     98.53% |      450352      1.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     30665342                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      226451      0.55%      0.55% |    40141208     97.89%     98.44% |      163614      0.40%     98.84% |      476608      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     41007881                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        3007     22.91%     22.91% |        5199     39.62%     62.53% |        2447     18.65%     81.18% |        2470     18.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        13123                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |       24599      0.13%      0.13% |    18160825     99.41%     99.54% |       18134      0.10%     99.64% |       65195      0.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total     18268753                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data |       70417     12.54%     12.54% |      355859     63.40%     75.94% |       59712     10.64%     86.58% |       75344     13.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data::total       561332                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive |       18180      4.19%      4.19% |      393213     90.52%     94.71% |        6126      1.41%     96.12% |       16851      3.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive::total       434370                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       15756      9.77%      9.77% |      111956     69.42%     79.19% |       15642      9.70%     88.89% |       17919     11.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total       161273                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       30875      0.12%      0.12% |    26141084     99.48%     99.60% |       22473      0.09%     99.69% |       82036      0.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total     26276468                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |       17516      0.15%      0.15% |    11854560     99.48%     99.62% |       13293      0.11%     99.73% |       31718      0.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total     11917087                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |        1281     37.87%     37.87% |         649     19.18%     57.05% |         655     19.36%     76.41% |         798     23.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total         3383                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      135228      0.49%      0.49% |    27002112     98.43%     98.92% |      103953      0.38%     99.30% |      192150      0.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     27433443                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |       18797      0.16%      0.16% |    11855209     99.45%     99.61% |       13948      0.12%     99.73% |       32516      0.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     11920470                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |       62555      0.16%      0.16% |    38235260     99.41%     99.58% |       36436      0.09%     99.67% |      126571      0.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total     38460822                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |        3007     22.91%     22.91% |        5199     39.62%     62.53% |        2447     18.65%     81.18% |        2470     18.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total        13123                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       17442     32.47%     32.47% |        5388     10.03%     42.50% |       15249     28.39%     70.88% |       15641     29.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        53720                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |       30860      3.98%      3.98% |      690740     89.03%     93.00% |       21690      2.80%     95.80% |       32594      4.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       775884                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |       22100     31.81%     31.81% |        1258      1.81%     33.62% |       25268     36.37%     70.00% |       20842     30.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        69468                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       23972      0.26%      0.26% |     9093022     98.81%     99.07% |       16383      0.18%     99.25% |       68772      0.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      9202149                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         412     37.12%     37.12% |         169     15.23%     52.34% |         123     11.08%     63.42% |         406     36.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         1110                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        2972     23.12%     23.12% |         995      7.74%     30.85% |        6126     47.65%     78.50% |        2764     21.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        12857                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |         540     44.19%     44.19% |         417     34.12%     78.31% |           8      0.65%     78.97% |         257     21.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         1222                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       13241      0.23%      0.23% |     5633876     98.73%     98.96% |       12413      0.22%     99.18% |       46845      0.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      5706375                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        6133     47.70%     47.70% |         922      7.17%     54.87% |        2589     20.14%     75.01% |        3213     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        12857                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       20332      0.58%      0.58% |     3458853     98.06%     98.64% |       15633      0.44%     99.08% |       32441      0.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      3527259                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |       23473      5.73%      5.73% |      340800     83.21%     88.94% |       21032      5.14%     94.08% |       24248      5.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total       409553                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        5377     53.69%     53.69% |        2198     21.95%     75.64% |        1019     10.18%     85.82% |        1420     14.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        10014                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        2324     43.82%     43.82% |        1094     20.63%     64.44% |         747     14.08%     78.53% |        1139     21.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         5304                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |        9325      0.10%      0.10% |     8900949     99.22%     99.33% |        6291      0.07%     99.40% |       53927      0.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      8970492                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       34185      0.57%      0.57% |     5826061     97.82%     98.40% |       26624      0.45%     98.84% |       68874      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      5955744                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        6061      0.18%      0.18% |     3268007     99.27%     99.46% |        4019      0.12%     99.58% |       13882      0.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      3291969                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |        1646     17.84%     17.84% |        4625     50.14%     67.99% |        1013     10.98%     78.97% |        1940     21.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total         9224                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       63502     13.60%     13.60% |      275483     58.99%     72.59% |       57478     12.31%     84.90% |       70507     15.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       466970                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        1415     39.60%     39.60% |         674     18.86%     58.47% |         665     18.61%     77.08% |         819     22.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         3573                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |       14463      6.28%      6.28% |      191291     83.09%     89.37% |        9918      4.31%     93.67% |       14563      6.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       230235                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |        6723     30.61%     30.61% |         506      2.30%     32.92% |        7454     33.94%     66.86% |        7279     33.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        21962                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |        1727     27.56%     27.56% |         147      2.35%     29.91% |        3665     58.49%     88.40% |         727     11.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total         6266                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |         369     72.50%     72.50% |           3      0.59%     73.08% |          74     14.54%     87.62% |          63     12.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total          509                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |        7522     28.26%     28.26% |         654      2.46%     30.72% |        9579     35.99%     66.71% |        8862     33.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total        26617                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |       14647      6.32%      6.32% |      192073     82.91%     89.24% |       10092      4.36%     93.59% |       14845      6.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total       231657                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |       12285      0.22%      0.22% |     5513108     98.80%     99.02% |        9432      0.17%     99.19% |       45305      0.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total      5580130                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |          45      0.04%      0.04% |      120691     99.17%     99.21% |         347      0.29%     99.50% |         614      0.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       121697                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |         904     19.93%     19.93% |          55      1.21%     21.14% |        2628     57.92%     79.06% |         950     20.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         4537                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv    |         579     33.07%     33.07% |           5      0.29%     33.35% |         615     35.12%     68.48% |         552     31.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv::total         1751                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |          31      0.03%      0.03% |      120605     99.21%     99.23% |         343      0.28%     99.52% |         587      0.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total       121566                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     28.57%     28.57% |           3     42.86%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |         278     11.65%     11.65% |          41      1.72%     13.36% |        1840     77.08%     90.45% |         228      9.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total         2387                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |       50270      0.15%      0.15% |    32722152     99.52%     99.67% |       27004      0.08%     99.75% |       81266      0.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total     32880692                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |         922      2.56%      2.56% |       33388     92.72%     95.28% |         580      1.61%     96.89% |        1120      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        36010                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |        3423     41.57%     41.57% |          68      0.83%     42.39% |        2552     30.99%     73.38% |        2192     26.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         8235                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |       35814      0.17%      0.17% |    20900421     99.50%     99.68% |       16186      0.08%     99.75% |       52042      0.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     21004463                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |       10952      0.13%      0.13% |     8586525     99.56%     99.69% |        9190      0.11%     99.79% |       17752      0.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total      8624419                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |        7695     47.71%     47.71% |         104      0.64%     48.36% |        4042     25.06%     73.42% |        4287     26.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total        16128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |        9294      0.11%      0.11% |     8780344     99.22%     99.33% |        5948      0.07%     99.40% |       53340      0.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      8848926                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         412     37.35%     37.35% |         167     15.14%     52.49% |         120     10.88%     63.37% |         404     36.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         1103                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        2694     25.73%     25.73% |         954      9.11%     34.84% |        4286     40.94%     75.78% |        2536     24.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        10470                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       13241      0.23%      0.23% |     5633876     98.73%     98.96% |       12413      0.22%     99.18% |       46845      0.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      5706375                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        6133     47.70%     47.70% |         922      7.17%     54.87% |        2589     20.14%     75.01% |        3213     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        12857                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       14811      6.26%      6.26% |      191263     80.87%     87.13% |       11622      4.91%     92.04% |       18816      7.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       236512                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |         540     44.19%     44.19% |         417     34.12%     78.31% |           8      0.65%     78.97% |         257     21.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         1222                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |        5521      0.17%      0.17% |     3267590     99.30%     99.46% |        4011      0.12%     99.59% |       13625      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      3290747                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        5377     53.69%     53.69% |        2198     21.95%     75.64% |        1019     10.18%     85.82% |        1420     14.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        10014                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        2324     43.82%     43.82% |        1094     20.63%     64.44% |         747     14.08%     78.53% |        1139     21.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total         5304                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |        9325      0.10%      0.10% |     8900949     99.22%     99.33% |        6291      0.07%     99.40% |       53927      0.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      8970492                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       14463      6.28%      6.28% |      191291     83.09%     89.37% |        9918      4.31%     93.67% |       14563      6.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       230235                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        6723     30.61%     30.61% |         506      2.30%     32.92% |        7454     33.94%     66.86% |        7279     33.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        21962                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |       21186      8.40%      8.40% |      191797     76.05%     84.45% |       17372      6.89%     91.34% |       21842      8.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total       252197                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |          61     11.66%     11.66% |          93     17.78%     29.45% |         174     33.27%     62.72% |         195     37.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total          523                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |          45      0.04%      0.04% |      120691     99.17%     99.21% |         347      0.29%     99.50% |         614      0.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       121697                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         904     19.93%     19.93% |          55      1.21%     21.14% |        2628     57.92%     79.06% |         950     20.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         4537                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |         888      0.71%      0.71% |      120653     95.98%     96.68% |        2801      2.23%     98.91% |        1369      1.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total       125711                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |        2946     23.38%     23.38% |        5106     40.52%     63.90% |        2273     18.04%     81.94% |        2275     18.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total        12600                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |         922      2.56%      2.56% |       33388     92.72%     95.28% |         580      1.61%     96.89% |        1120      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        36010                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        3423     41.57%     41.57% |          68      0.83%     42.39% |        2552     30.99%     73.38% |        2192     26.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         8235                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |        1399      4.42%      4.42% |       28350     89.59%     94.01% |         859      2.71%     96.72% |        1037      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total        31645                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        5955775      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        3291969      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE         4082      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        8970492      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      1564385      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean      1087969      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       2660897      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        2652354      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          13153      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean        15832      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              16911      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all           9445      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          12857      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      9002426      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      1624581      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      1036316      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       236512      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         1222      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE         4082      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          356      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean         7338      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      4081794      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX      2253321      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement      1563317      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean      1063464      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        12857      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         1110      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      8970492      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement          712      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        17167      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      2652354      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data          540      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean          117      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all           55      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data         9114      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean         6357      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all         1696      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          16410      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all         7338      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            501      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          356      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data      1624581      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data      1036316      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           16      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock         5304      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS           14      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      8997122      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         3491      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean         9337      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           29      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data            8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean           21      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        12828      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.300214                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1300213617500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               53491340907501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 126304                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   170486                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              295505267                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2082132                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4399.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   555734196                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     750130899                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     43343616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          43343616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     25732608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       25732608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       677244                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             677244                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       402072                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            402072                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     33335765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             33335765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     19791062                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            19791062                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     53126827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            53126827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     677244                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    402072                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   677244                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  402072                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              43294656                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  48960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               25732352                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               43343616                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            25732608                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   765                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            42798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            44429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            42714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            41727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            41208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            41583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            41358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            42031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            42408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            42150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           42467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           42754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           42446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           42501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           41579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           42326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            25725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            27036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            25901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            24817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            24400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            24477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            24402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            24895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            25339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            25126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           25412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           25225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           25024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           24843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           24541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           24905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1300213898000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               677244                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              402072                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 675805                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    673                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   551                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   571                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 24952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 25067                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 25070                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 25074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 25076                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 25071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 25071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 25070                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 25066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 25065                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 25062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 25064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 25061                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 25058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 25058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 25058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       512731                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   134.626165                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    95.992622                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   157.873541                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       354850     69.21%     69.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        84997     16.58%     85.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        24223      4.72%     90.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        25419      4.96%     95.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        10314      2.01%     97.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4168      0.81%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3007      0.59%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2751      0.54%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3002      0.59%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       512731                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        25058                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     26.997406                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.875943                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    13.013093                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-15            44      0.18%      0.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-31        18436     73.57%     73.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-47         5060     20.19%     93.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-63          797      3.18%     97.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-79          467      1.86%     98.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-95          180      0.72%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::96-111           40      0.16%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::112-127           17      0.07%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-143           11      0.04%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::144-159            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::160-175            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::192-207            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-271            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        25058                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        25058                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.045494                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.042901                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.299934                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           24486     97.72%     97.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              16      0.06%     97.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18             546      2.18%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19               9      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        25058                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 13014492738                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            25698473988                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                3382395000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    19238.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               37988.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       33.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       19.79                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    33.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    19.79                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  345769                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 220047                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                51.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               54.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   1204664.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   52.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              1948635360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              1063243500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             2660572200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            1307346480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         85392818160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        245595400965                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        569003799750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          906971816415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           693.723199                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 940798301751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  43417140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 316002645749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              1945059480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              1061292375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             2665361400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            1299194640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         85392818160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        246561780960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        568156098000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          907081605015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           693.807174                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 939673390501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  43417140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 317127556999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     43214592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          43214592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     25623552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       25623552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       675228                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             675228                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       400368                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            400368                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     33236532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             33236532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     19707186                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            19707186                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     52943719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            52943719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     675228                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    400368                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   675228                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  400368                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              43201472                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  13120                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               25623680                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               43214592                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            25623552                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   205                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            42956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            43713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            42168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            41628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            41238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            41449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            41226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            42059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            42410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            42142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           42397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           42829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           42312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           42460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           41668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           42368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            25869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            26414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            25298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            24794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            24385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            24394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            24307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            24858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            25330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            25053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           25408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           25181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           24834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           24785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           24527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           24933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1300212468500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               675228                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              400368                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 674413                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    609                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 24849                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 24969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 24972                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 24979                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 24969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 24974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 24967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 24980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 24969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 24964                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 24963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 24961                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 24959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 24960                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 24959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 24959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       512506                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   134.291657                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    95.572599                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   158.568798                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       357110     69.68%     69.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        82951     16.19%     85.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        23546      4.59%     90.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        25314      4.94%     95.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        10531      2.05%     97.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4106      0.80%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3134      0.61%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2674      0.52%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3140      0.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       512506                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        24959                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     27.046476                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.868600                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    13.214383                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-15            43      0.17%      0.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-31        18199     72.92%     73.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-47         5094     20.41%     93.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-63          915      3.67%     97.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-79          454      1.82%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-95          175      0.70%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::96-111           36      0.14%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::112-127           23      0.09%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-143           15      0.06%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::144-159            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::160-175            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::192-207            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::208-223            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::272-287            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        24959                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        24959                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.041107                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.038772                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.284480                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           24444     97.94%     97.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              11      0.04%     97.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18             497      1.99%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19               7      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        24959                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 12851230238                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            25507911488                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                3375115000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    19038.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               37788.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       33.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       19.71                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    33.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    19.71                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  345876                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 217012                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                51.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               54.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   1208829.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   52.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              1943940600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              1060681875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             2649402600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            1298747520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         85392818160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        245572360425                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        569024019000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          906941970180                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           693.700363                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 940872618501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  43417140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 315924512999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              1948143960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              1062975375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             2665291200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            1296803520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         85392818160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        246696131385                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        568038246750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          907100410350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           693.821558                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 939570124251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  43417140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 317230823249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     43252864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          43252864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     25583040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       25583040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       675826                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             675826                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       399735                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            399735                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     33265968                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             33265968                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     19676028                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            19676028                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     52941996                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            52941996                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     675826                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    399735                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   675826                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  399735                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              43234816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  18048                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               25583488                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               43252864                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            25583040                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   282                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            42904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            44207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            42247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            41664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            41241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            41382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            41430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            41995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            42277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            42185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           42465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           42766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           42397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           42542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           41560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           42282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            25809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            25786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            25111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            24816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            24429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            24313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            24471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            24790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            25303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            25182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           25411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           25192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           24982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           24747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           24554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           24846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 1300208456000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               675826                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              399735                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 674896                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    644                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                   483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                   522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 24830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 24937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 24929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 24932                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 24932                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 24928                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 24925                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 24929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 24926                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 24926                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 24927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 24923                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 24924                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 24922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 24920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 24920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       512678                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   134.233246                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    95.472618                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   158.808826                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       357925     69.81%     69.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        82225     16.04%     85.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        23628      4.61%     90.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        25357      4.95%     95.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639        10470      2.04%     97.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4061      0.79%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3096      0.60%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2748      0.54%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3168      0.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       512678                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        24920                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     27.109992                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.942220                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    13.228427                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-15            35      0.14%      0.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16-31        18107     72.66%     72.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-47         5200     20.87%     93.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::48-63          860      3.45%     97.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::64-79          463      1.86%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::80-95          175      0.70%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::96-111           38      0.15%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::112-127           21      0.08%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-143           13      0.05%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::144-159            2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::160-175            2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::176-191            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::192-207            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::208-223            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::272-287            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        24920                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        24920                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.041011                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.038675                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.284721                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16           24405     97.93%     97.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17              15      0.06%     97.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18             496      1.99%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19               3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        24920                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 12874882730                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            25541332730                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                3377720000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    19058.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               37808.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       33.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       19.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    33.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    19.68                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  346055                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 216554                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                51.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               54.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   1208865.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   52.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              1943305560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy              1060335375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             2654301000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy            1293582960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy         85392818160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        245858404095                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        568773103500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          906975850650                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           693.726277                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 940433671501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  43417140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 316363282999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              1950026400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy              1064002500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             2664300600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy            1297885680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy         85392818160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        246983820930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        567785895750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          907138750020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           693.850876                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 939084233249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  43417140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 317716728001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     43344832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          43344832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     25708032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       25708032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       677263                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             677263                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       401688                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            401688                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     33336701                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             33336701                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     19772160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            19772160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     53108861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            53108861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     677263                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    401688                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   677263                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  401688                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              43328384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  16448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               25708480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               43344832                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            25708032                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   257                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            43220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            42954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            42214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            41993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            41342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            41642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            41471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            42139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            42617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            42241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           42583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           42991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           42630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           42774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           41737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           42458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            25823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            25932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            25173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            25060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            24528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            24553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            24458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            24929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            25463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            25174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           25510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           25445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           24969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           24973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           24657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           25048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 1300208489500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               677263                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              401688                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 676388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    617                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                   436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                   465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 24952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 25058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 25057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 25062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 25063                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 25055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 25058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 25064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 25055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 25052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 25054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 25054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 25052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 25050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 25049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 25049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       529967                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   130.266466                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    94.765206                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   152.483144                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       360530     68.03%     68.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255       104505     19.72%     87.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        22049      4.16%     91.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19240      3.63%     95.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        10606      2.00%     97.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4305      0.81%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3175      0.60%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2708      0.51%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2849      0.54%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       529967                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        25049                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     27.028824                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.816895                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    13.323813                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-7              1      0.00%      0.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            33      0.13%      0.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-23        12160     48.54%     48.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24-31         6391     25.51%     74.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-39         4060     16.21%     90.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::40-47          645      2.57%     92.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::48-55          564      2.25%     95.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::56-63          452      1.80%     97.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::64-71          337      1.35%     98.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::72-79          159      0.63%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::80-87          102      0.41%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::88-95           58      0.23%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::96-103           26      0.10%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::104-111           12      0.05%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::112-119           14      0.06%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::120-127           15      0.06%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-135           12      0.05%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::216-223            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        25049                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        25049                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.036369                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.034305                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.267315                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16           24591     98.17%     98.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17               8      0.03%     98.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18             447      1.78%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19               3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        25049                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 13719576738                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            26413439238                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                3385030000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    20265.07                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               39015.07                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       33.32                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       19.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    33.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    19.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  322850                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 225885                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                47.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               56.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   1205067.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   50.87                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              2005479000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy              1094259375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             2653411800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy            1299473280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy         85392818160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        244547957565                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        569922618000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          906916017180                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           693.680512                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 942029133502                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  43417140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 314767480498                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              2018414160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy              1101317250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             2676655800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy            1304573040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy         85392818160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        245907382770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        568730139750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          907131300930                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           693.845178                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 940321404250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  43417140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 316479557000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2599830011                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    4160593                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      8143913                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              8018593                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                 16146                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     182588                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       602038                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     8018593                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                        16146                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           16023296                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           6490950                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               26210                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              12764                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             4265884                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            2740672                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      1822190                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    1084026                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    738164                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2577258020.160047                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              22571990.839953                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.008682                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.991318                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           876022                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                60948      0.75%      0.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  6224231     76.42%     77.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    7335      0.09%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    17428      0.21%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  12066      0.15%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 1084026     13.31%     90.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 738164      9.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   8144246                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2601172565                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  536158905                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    713526558                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            513084178                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             331122689                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     526373                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     31795845                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   513084178                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    331122689                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         1078853014                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         343215324                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           564048903                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          276712495                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           222556999                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          242640045                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    153925882                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   95392636                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  58533246                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              52790492.388968                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2548382072.611032                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.979705                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.020295                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         34345920                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               976950      0.14%      0.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                447292298     62.69%     62.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   27842      0.00%     62.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   146305      0.02%     62.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              111165672     15.58%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                95392636     13.37%     91.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               58533246      8.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 713534997                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      2602158241                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    1918789                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      3849158                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              3772262                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3108                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      98620                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       281223                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     3772262                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                         3108                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            7702172                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           3066783                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                5061                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes               2445                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             2090501                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1207080                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       935770                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     575730                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    360040                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              2590797693.744207                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              11360547.255793                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.004366                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.995634                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           412897                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                45672      1.19%      1.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  2847645     73.98%     75.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    5187      0.13%     75.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    12749      0.33%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                   2342      0.06%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  575730     14.96%     90.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 360040      9.35%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   3849365                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      2598946716                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   10676701                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     19207621                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             19007049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                 10068                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     391696                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1388043                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    19007049                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                        10068                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           38001884                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          15678151                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               16677                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               8028                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            11197398                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            7717359                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      4105153                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    2571782                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1533371                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              2554102333.105196                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              44844382.894804                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.017255                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.982745                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1890784                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                62706      0.33%      0.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 14988083     78.03%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   30670      0.16%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    13579      0.07%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   7661      0.04%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 2571782     13.39%     92.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1533371      7.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  19207852                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 4349                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                4349                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3730                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3730                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          674                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         7522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         9468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          660                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          668                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          872                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2016                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   16890                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          340                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1348                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1996                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         3761                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         7539                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1820                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3446                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          557                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1692                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3585                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    19254                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                81000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              2406481                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             6210000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1150990                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1286271                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1143496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1190994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              496498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             8005000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1645500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             2107500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1571000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            2                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes         8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            2                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples              183463511                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.493770                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 1.925696                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |   172146955     93.83%     93.83% |       12979      0.01%     93.84% |    11299390      6.16%    100.00% |        1202      0.00%    100.00% |        2890      0.00%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |          57      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                183463511                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   1897716847                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000795                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1897715648    100.00%    100.00% |        1199      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   1897716847                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     1897716847                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.733456                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.091987                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         9.796487                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  1897415400     99.98%     99.98% |      191904      0.01%     99.99% |      102424      0.01%    100.00% |        4231      0.00%    100.00% |        2606      0.00%    100.00% |         224      0.00%    100.00% |          58      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       1897716847                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1818124598                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1818124598    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1818124598                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     79592249                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    18.487775                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     8.151202                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    44.668145                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    79290802     99.62%     99.62% |      191904      0.24%     99.86% |      102424      0.13%     99.99% |        4231      0.01%    100.00% |        2606      0.00%    100.00% |         224      0.00%    100.00% |          58      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     79592249                      
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits      1639039                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses       189460                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses      1828499                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits      5288570                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses       188760                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses      5477330                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits    128679070                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses     38215190                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses    166894260                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits    764318939                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses       830012                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses    765148951                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits       825939                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses       113021                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses       938960                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits      2422856                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses       114073                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses      2536929                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits      3738374                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses       371684                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses      4110058                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits     13768028                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses       216136                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses     13984164                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits        260972                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses       117248                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses       378220                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits      29892987                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses      9152215                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses     39045202                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits        157290                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses        69804                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses       227094                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits        432206                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses       155614                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses       587820                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      6767313                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      2727568                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      9494881                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            45                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.017043                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0       117248                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2        24582                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1       123939                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1        84111                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2        84068                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        26655                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         7950                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        35852                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0       937984                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       196656                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8923608                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       672888                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       672544                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1919160                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       572400                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       286816                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     1.566304                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0      9152215                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11750                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1      9157651                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1      8953521                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8947390                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      5562048                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          180                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3378566                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0     73217720                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        94000                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    659350872                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     71628168                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     71579120                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    400467456                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        12960                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     27028528                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.010777                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0        69804                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2        24438                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1        83142                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1        47260                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::2        48249                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        14138                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4255                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        17386                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0       558432                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       195504                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5986224                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       378080                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       385992                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1017936                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       306360                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       139088                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.025774                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0       155614                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2        22329                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1       163085                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1       129443                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::2       126332                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        78428                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4390                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        34053                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0      1244912                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       178632                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11742120                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1035544                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1010656                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5646816                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       316080                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       272424                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     2.050860                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0     12200442                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2        58230                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1     13793100                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1     12973614                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9206039                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      5681269                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        16775                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3465857                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0     97603536                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       465840                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    993103200                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    103788912                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     73648312                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    409051368                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1207800                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     27726856                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.109011                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0       677244                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1079286                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1       948164                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           34                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0      5417952                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     77708592                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7585312                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          272                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.108648                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0       675228                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1075564                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       945864                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0      5401824                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     77440608                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7566912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.108668                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0       675826                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1075529                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       947647                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0      5406608                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     77438088                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7581176                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.108984                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0       677263                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1078919                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       948628                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0      5418104                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     77682168                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7589024                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.000003                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.273754                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0     12200442                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::2        83099                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::1     13815109                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::1     12989126                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9206039                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      5681269                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        16775                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3465987                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0     97603536                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       664792                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    994687848                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    103913008                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     73648312                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    409051368                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1207800                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     27727896                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        36601326                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       224428                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     41445326                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     66585495                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     17094132                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     10398345                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        292810608                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      1795424                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   2984063472                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    532683960                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data   1230777504                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     83186760                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021668                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        24582                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       114389                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        72850                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       196656                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8236008                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       582800                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.012418                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       117248                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9550                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        11261                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        84068                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        26655                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         7950                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        35852                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       937984                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       687600                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        90088                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       672544                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1919160                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       572400                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       286816                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     1.755724                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11750                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      9150539                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      8946046                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        94000                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    658838808                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     71568368                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     1.376883                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      9152215                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         7112                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         7475                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8947390                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      5562048                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          180                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3378566                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     73217720                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       512064                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        59800                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     71579120                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    400467456                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        12960                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     27028528                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.012985                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        24438                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        68467                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        34685                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       195504                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4929624                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       277480                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.008568                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        69804                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14675                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        12575                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        48249                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        14138                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4255                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        17386                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       558432                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1056600                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       100600                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       385992                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1017936                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       306360                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       139088                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.029336                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        22329                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       154107                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       116436                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       178632                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11095704                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       931488                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.022211                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       155614                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         8978                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        13007                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       126332                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        78428                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4390                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        34053                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1244912                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       646416                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       104056                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1010656                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5646816                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       316080                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       272424                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     1.936025                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      9494881                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2723870                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2725826                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9206039                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      5681269                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        16775                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3465857                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     75959048                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    196118640                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     21806608                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     73648312                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    409051368                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1207800                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     27726856                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     2.165695                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      2705561                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        58230                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1     11069230                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1     10247788                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     21644488                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       465840                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    796984560                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     81982304                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.087845                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       677244                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       402040                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       273061                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           34                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      5417952                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28946880                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2184488                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          272                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.130178                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       677246                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       675103                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     48761712                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5400824                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.087506                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       675228                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       400336                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       272764                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      5401824                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28824192                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2182112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.129790                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       675228                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       673100                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     48616416                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5384800                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.087431                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       675826                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       399703                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       273972                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      5406608                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28778616                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2191776                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.129904                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       675826                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       673675                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     48659472                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5389400                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.087787                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       677263                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       401656                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       273486                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      5418104                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28919232                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2187888                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.130181                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       677263                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       675142                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     48762936                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5401136                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000003                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000002                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.link_utilization     0.021668                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        24582                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1       114389                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1        72850                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       196656                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8236008                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       582800                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.link_utilization     1.755724                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11750                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1      9150539                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1      8946046                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        94000                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    658838808                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     71568368                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.link_utilization     0.012985                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2        24438                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        68467                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1        34685                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       195504                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4929624                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       277480                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.link_utilization     0.029336                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2        22329                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1       154107                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1       116436                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       178632                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11095704                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       931488                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.link_utilization     1.936025                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0      9494881                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2723870                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2725826                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9206039                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      5681269                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        16775                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3465857                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0     75959048                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    196118640                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     21806608                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     73648312                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    409051368                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1207800                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     27726856                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.link_utilization     0.087845                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0       677244                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1       402040                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1       273061                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           34                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0      5417952                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28946880                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2184488                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          272                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.link_utilization     0.087506                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0       675228                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       400336                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       272764                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0      5401824                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28824192                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2182112                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.link_utilization     0.087431                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Control::0       675826                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       399703                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       273972                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Control::0      5406608                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28778616                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2191776                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.link_utilization     0.087787                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Control::0       677263                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       401656                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       273486                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Control::0      5418104                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28919232                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2187888                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.link_utilization     0.000003                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle14.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      55085616                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.637888                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        3.229874                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    43813350     79.54%     79.54% |        4573      0.01%     79.55% |    11263654     20.45%     99.99% |        1124      0.00%     99.99% |        2820      0.01%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |          57      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        55085616                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples     127318354                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.002864                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.143799                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |   127258101     99.95%     99.95% |       15963      0.01%     99.97% |        3212      0.00%     99.97% |        5194      0.00%     99.97% |       35368      0.03%    100.00% |         368      0.00%    100.00% |          68      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total       127318354                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       1059541                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000034                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.008243                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     1059523    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         1059541                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    220905100                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       4.792169                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.638031                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     21.104793                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   220722634     99.92%     99.92% |      123761      0.06%     99.97% |       55561      0.03%    100.00% |        1762      0.00%    100.00% |        1252      0.00%    100.00% |         100      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     220905100                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    167662823                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   167662823    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    167662823                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     53242277                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    16.733917                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     7.748790                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    40.744929                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    53059811     99.66%     99.66% |      123761      0.23%     99.89% |       55561      0.10%     99.99% |        1762      0.00%    100.00% |        1252      0.00%    100.00% |         100      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     53242277                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    119758474                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       5.336975                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.546375                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     25.441449                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   119641703     99.90%     99.90% |       66489      0.06%     99.96% |       46329      0.04%    100.00% |        2453      0.00%    100.00% |        1350      0.00%    100.00% |         122      0.00%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     119758474                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     95989729                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    95989729    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     95989729                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     23768745                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    22.851784                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     8.992063                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    53.651815                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    23651974     99.51%     99.51% |       66489      0.28%     99.79% |       46329      0.19%     99.98% |        2453      0.01%     99.99% |        1350      0.01%    100.00% |         122      0.00%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     23768745                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   1555758695                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.019984                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.003383                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.980092                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  1555756922    100.00%    100.00% |        1363      0.00%    100.00% |         396      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   1555758695                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1553414012                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1553414012    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1553414012                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2344683                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    14.259711                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     9.404952                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    21.489896                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     2342910     99.92%     99.92% |        1363      0.06%     99.98% |         396      0.02%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2344683                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       634608                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     4.780888                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.789635                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    17.579486                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      631064     99.44%     99.44% |        3247      0.51%     99.95% |         121      0.02%     99.97% |          87      0.01%     99.99% |          59      0.01%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       634608                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       455538                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      455538    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       455538                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       179070                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    14.399129                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     7.866380                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    31.085876                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      175526     98.02%     98.02% |        3247      1.81%     99.83% |         121      0.07%     99.90% |          87      0.05%     99.95% |          59      0.03%     99.98% |          24      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       179070                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       329985                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     4.948937                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.592532                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    17.639678                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      327684     99.30%     99.30% |        2161      0.65%     99.96% |          44      0.01%     99.97% |          39      0.01%     99.98% |          37      0.01%     99.99% |          18      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       329985                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       272511                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      272511    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       272511                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        57474                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    23.672687                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    14.463780                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    36.905350                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       55173     96.00%     96.00% |        2161      3.76%     99.76% |          44      0.08%     99.83% |          39      0.07%     99.90% |          37      0.06%     99.97% |          18      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        57474                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       329985                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      329985    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       329985                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       329985                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      329985    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       329985                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      677244     25.03%     25.03% |      675228     24.96%     49.99% |      675826     24.98%     74.97% |      677263     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      2705561                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      402040     25.07%     25.07% |      400336     24.96%     50.03% |      399703     24.92%     74.95% |      401656     25.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1603735                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      677244     25.03%     25.03% |      675228     24.96%     49.99% |      675826     24.98%     74.97% |      677263     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      2705561                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      402072     25.07%     25.07% |      400368     24.96%     50.03% |      399735     24.92%     74.95% |      401688     25.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1603863                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      273061     24.98%     24.98% |      272764     24.95%     49.93% |      273972     25.06%     74.98% |      273486     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      1093283                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      677244     25.03%     25.03% |      675228     24.96%     49.99% |      675826     24.98%     74.97% |      677263     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      2705561                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      402038     25.07%     25.07% |      400336     24.96%     50.03% |      399703     24.92%     74.95% |      401656     25.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1603733                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      273061     24.98%     24.98% |      272764     24.95%     49.93% |      273972     25.06%     74.98% |      273486     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      1093283                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      677244     25.03%     25.03% |      675228     24.96%     49.99% |      675826     24.98%     74.97% |      677263     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      2705561                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      402038     25.07%     25.07% |      400336     24.96%     50.03% |      399703     24.92%     74.95% |      401656     25.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1603733                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total              2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total             128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |     1032696      0.92%      0.92% |   108109435     96.52%     97.44% |      542922      0.48%     97.93% |     2323432      2.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total    112008485                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     5477330      0.70%      0.70% |   765148951     97.21%     97.90% |     2536929      0.32%     98.22% |    13984164      1.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    787147374                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |      795803      1.29%      1.29% |    58784825     95.18%     96.47% |      396038      0.64%     97.11% |     1786626      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total     61763292                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |       48172      9.91%      9.91% |      362658     74.61%     84.52% |       35475      7.30%     91.82% |       39774      8.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total       486079                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |      363150      0.91%      0.91% |    38819524     97.12%     98.03% |      213993      0.54%     98.57% |      573170      1.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total     39969837                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |      165893     16.05%     16.05% |      530687     51.35%     67.40% |      122926     11.89%     79.29% |      214028     20.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total      1033534                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      212327      0.54%      0.54% |    38514515     98.24%     98.78% |      104168      0.27%     99.05% |      373792      0.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total     39204802                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      138817      0.52%      0.52% |    26330834     98.23%     98.75% |       81411      0.30%     99.05% |      253474      0.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     26804536                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      188760     13.99%     13.99% |      830012     61.53%     75.52% |      114073      8.46%     83.98% |      216136     16.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total      1348981                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       48368      0.40%      0.40% |    11883083     98.38%     98.78% |       30463      0.25%     99.03% |      116904      0.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store::total     12078818                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |       35382     15.82%     15.82% |      138263     61.84%     77.66% |       23532     10.52%     88.18% |       26420     11.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total       223597                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       89053     20.24%     20.24% |      132043     30.01%     50.25% |       59582     13.54%     63.80% |      159282     36.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       439960                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3512969     14.61%     14.61% |    10849654     45.11%     59.71% |     1971166      8.20%     67.91% |     7718370     32.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     24052159                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        2275     37.91%     37.91% |        1273     21.21%     59.12% |        1147     19.11%     78.24% |        1306     21.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         6001                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        4661      5.58%      5.58% |       67836     81.20%     86.78% |        4535      5.43%     92.21% |        6507      7.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        83539                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |      158960     16.84%     16.84% |      461578     48.90%     65.74% |      117266     12.42%     78.16% |      206178     21.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total       943982                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |      278066      0.53%      0.53% |    51435568     98.30%     98.83% |      142501      0.27%     99.10% |      469323      0.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     52325458                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |     1775601      0.23%      0.23% |   753469285     98.91%     99.15% |      451690      0.06%     99.21% |     6049658      0.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total    761746234                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       30280      0.47%      0.47% |     6325423     97.62%     98.08% |       15407      0.24%     98.32% |      108820      1.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      6479930                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        3551      2.20%      2.20% |      150047     93.10%     95.30% |        4109      2.55%     97.85% |        3460      2.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total       161167                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |      127849      0.62%      0.62% |    20154683     98.42%     99.04% |       53008      0.26%     99.30% |      143350      0.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total     20478890                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      526760      1.62%      1.62% |    30210990     93.13%     94.76% |      259428      0.80%     95.56% |     1441353      4.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     32438531                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      714880      1.65%      1.65% |    40575046     93.93%     95.58% |      349021      0.81%     96.39% |     1559596      3.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     43198543                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        4578     25.75%     25.75% |        6512     36.63%     62.39% |        3299     18.56%     80.95% |        3387     19.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        17776                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |       76341      0.41%      0.41% |    18203263     98.15%     98.56% |       43719      0.24%     98.79% |      223642      1.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total     18546965                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data |      132934     16.49%     16.49% |      401913     49.86%     66.35% |       98222     12.19%     78.54% |      172989     21.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data::total       806058                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive |       55826     10.28%     10.28% |      428099     78.85%     89.13% |       15851      2.92%     92.05% |       43147      7.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive::total       542923                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       32959     14.49%     14.49% |      128774     56.61%     71.10% |       24704     10.86%     81.96% |       41039     18.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total       227476                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      105858      0.40%      0.40% |    26202060     98.59%     98.99% |       56707      0.21%     99.20% |      212435      0.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total     26577060                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |       48368      0.40%      0.40% |    11883083     98.38%     98.78% |       30463      0.25%     99.03% |      116904      0.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total     12078818                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |        2275     37.91%     37.91% |        1273     21.21%     59.12% |        1147     19.11%     78.24% |        1306     21.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total         6001                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      327577      1.16%      1.16% |    27160846     96.47%     97.64% |      195484      0.69%     98.33% |      469610      1.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     28153517                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |       50643      0.42%      0.42% |    11884356     98.34%     98.76% |       31610      0.26%     99.02% |      118210      0.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     12084819                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |      204190      0.52%      0.52% |    38357946     98.29%     98.81% |       96727      0.25%     99.06% |      366992      0.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total     39025855                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |        4578     25.75%     25.75% |        6512     36.63%     62.39% |        3299     18.56%     80.95% |        3387     19.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total        17776                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       19211     31.45%     31.45% |        7655     12.53%     43.98% |       16830     27.55%     71.52% |       17397     28.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        61093                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |       71976      8.04%      8.04% |      721680     80.66%     88.71% |       43898      4.91%     93.61% |       57146      6.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       894700                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |       24368     31.46%     31.46% |        3636      4.69%     36.15% |       27052     34.92%     71.08% |       22402     28.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        77458                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       96187      1.02%      1.02% |     9147360     96.95%     97.97% |       52361      0.55%     98.53% |      138788      1.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      9434696                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        1192     32.24%     32.24% |        1078     29.16%     61.40% |         541     14.63%     76.03% |         886     23.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         3697                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        4179     22.82%     22.82% |        3017     16.48%     39.30% |        7067     38.60%     77.90% |        4046     22.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        18309                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |         716     42.32%     42.32% |         495     29.26%     71.57% |         129      7.62%     79.20% |         352     20.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         1692                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       54451      0.93%      0.93% |     5661441     97.05%     97.98% |       30159      0.52%     98.50% |       87676      1.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      5833727                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        7434     40.60%     40.60% |        2641     14.42%     55.03% |        3727     20.36%     75.38% |        4507     24.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        18309                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       51788      1.43%      1.43% |     3485962     95.93%     97.36% |       34452      0.95%     98.31% |       61572      1.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      3633774                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |       43594      9.31%      9.31% |      356146     76.05%     85.36% |       32176      6.87%     92.23% |       36387      7.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total       468303                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        6768     48.97%     48.97% |        3261     23.60%     72.57% |        1695     12.26%     84.83% |        2096     15.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        13820                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        3575     39.41%     39.41% |        2171     23.93%     63.34% |        1466     16.16%     79.51% |        1859     20.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         9071                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       62507      0.68%      0.68% |     8940614     97.74%     98.43% |       31524      0.34%     98.77% |      112481      1.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      9147126                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       95065      1.55%      1.55% |     5868907     95.57%     97.12% |       55441      0.90%     98.02% |      121465      1.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      6140878                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       19324      0.58%      0.58% |     3281631     98.06%     98.64% |       13026      0.39%     99.02% |       32642      0.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      3346623                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |        2219     18.47%     18.47% |        5543     46.15%     64.62% |        1428     11.89%     76.51% |        2822     23.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total        12012                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      123386     17.15%     17.15% |      322849     44.87%     62.02% |       93858     13.05%     75.07% |      179386     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       719479                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        2461     36.74%     36.74% |        1573     23.48%     60.22% |        1252     18.69%     78.91% |        1413     21.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         6699                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |       33076     11.64%     11.64% |      205292     72.24%     83.88% |       20314      7.15%     91.03% |       25489      8.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       284171                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |        6967     30.34%     30.34% |         807      3.51%     33.85% |        7753     33.76%     67.61% |        7438     32.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        22965                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |        1893     27.42%     27.42% |         372      5.39%     32.81% |        3786     54.84%     87.64% |         853     12.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total         6904                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |         398     58.44%     58.44% |         104     15.27%     73.72% |          85     12.48%     86.20% |          94     13.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total          681                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |        8461     27.70%     27.70% |        1925      6.30%     34.00% |       10528     34.46%     68.46% |        9633     31.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total        30547                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |       33680     11.71%     11.71% |      206746     71.89%     83.61% |       20837      7.25%     90.85% |       26307      9.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total       287570                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |       52779      0.93%      0.93% |     5540070     97.10%     98.03% |       26964      0.47%     98.50% |       85480      1.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total      5705293                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |         696      0.56%      0.56% |      121210     98.04%     98.60% |         517      0.42%     99.02% |        1211      0.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       123634                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |         968     20.19%     20.19% |         153      3.19%     23.38% |        2665     55.58%     78.96% |        1009     21.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         4795                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv    |         581     33.05%     33.05% |           6      0.34%     33.39% |         619     35.21%     68.60% |         552     31.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv::total         1758                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |         569      0.46%      0.46% |      121068     98.20%     98.66% |         492      0.40%     99.06% |        1155      0.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total       123284                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           2     11.76%     11.76% |           7     41.18%     52.94% |           5     29.41%     82.35% |           3     17.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total           17                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |         326     12.73%     12.73% |         108      4.22%     16.95% |        1864     72.78%     89.73% |         263     10.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total         2561                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |      151411      0.45%      0.45% |    32817876     98.49%     98.95% |       69763      0.21%     99.16% |      281512      0.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total     33320562                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |        2216      5.60%      5.60% |       34338     86.83%     92.44% |        1118      2.83%     95.26% |        1873      4.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        39545                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |        4249     38.74%     38.74% |         858      7.82%     46.56% |        3108     28.33%     74.89% |        2754     25.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        10969                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      107233      0.50%      0.50% |    20968718     98.51%     99.01% |       42399      0.20%     99.21% |      167906      0.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     21286256                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |       28460      0.33%      0.33% |     8601048     98.51%     98.84% |       17247      0.20%     99.04% |       84061      0.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total      8730816                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |        7950     47.39%     47.39% |         180      1.07%     48.46% |        4255     25.37%     73.83% |        4390     26.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total        16775                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       61938      0.69%      0.69% |     8819546     97.74%     98.42% |       31032      0.34%     98.77% |      111326      1.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      9023842                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |        1190     32.34%     32.34% |        1071     29.10%     61.44% |         536     14.57%     76.01% |         883     23.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         3680                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        3853     24.47%     24.47% |        2909     18.47%     42.94% |        5203     33.04%     75.98% |        3783     24.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        15748                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       54451      0.93%      0.93% |     5661441     97.05%     97.98% |       30159      0.52%     98.50% |       87676      1.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      5833727                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        7434     40.60%     40.60% |        2641     14.42%     55.03% |        3727     20.36%     75.38% |        4507     24.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        18309                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       33180     11.49%     11.49% |      204825     70.91%     82.40% |       21555      7.46%     89.86% |       29282     10.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       288842                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |         716     42.32%     42.32% |         495     29.26%     71.57% |         129      7.62%     79.20% |         352     20.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         1692                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       18608      0.56%      0.56% |     3281137     98.09%     98.65% |       12897      0.39%     99.03% |       32290      0.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      3344932                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        6768     48.97%     48.97% |        3261     23.60%     72.57% |        1695     12.26%     84.83% |        2096     15.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        13820                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        3575     39.41%     39.41% |        2171     23.93%     63.34% |        1466     16.16%     79.51% |        1859     20.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total         9071                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       62507      0.68%      0.68% |     8940614     97.74%     98.43% |       31524      0.34%     98.77% |      112481      1.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      9147126                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       33076     11.64%     11.64% |      205292     72.24%     83.88% |       20314      7.15%     91.03% |       25489      8.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       284171                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        6967     30.34%     30.34% |         807      3.51%     33.85% |        7753     33.76%     67.61% |        7438     32.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        22965                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |       40043     13.04%     13.04% |      206099     67.10%     80.14% |       28067      9.14%     89.28% |       32927     10.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total       307136                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |         186     22.99%     22.99% |         174     21.51%     44.50% |         202     24.97%     69.47% |         247     30.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total          809                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |         696      0.56%      0.56% |      121210     98.04%     98.60% |         517      0.42%     99.02% |        1211      0.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       123634                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         968     20.19%     20.19% |         153      3.19%     23.38% |        2665     55.58%     78.96% |        1009     21.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         4795                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |        1478      1.16%      1.16% |      121189     94.96%     96.12% |        2980      2.34%     98.45% |        1973      1.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total       127620                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |        4392     25.89%     25.89% |        6338     37.35%     63.24% |        3097     18.25%     81.49% |        3140     18.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total        16967                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        2216      5.60%      5.60% |       34338     86.83%     92.44% |        1118      2.83%     95.26% |        1873      4.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        39545                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        4249     38.74%     38.74% |         858      7.82%     46.56% |        3108     28.33%     74.89% |        2754     25.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        10969                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |        2073      6.18%      6.18% |       28858     86.02%     92.20% |        1129      3.37%     95.57% |        1487      4.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total        33547                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        6141051      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        3346627      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE         7380      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        9147126      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      1594398      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean      1102618      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       2705561      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        2697018      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          16283      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean        18801      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              18428      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all          10378      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          18309      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      9187730      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv              4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      1651413      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      1054148      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       288840      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         1692      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE         7379      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          619      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean         8001      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      4182315      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX      2287087      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement      1592853      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean      1077012      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        18309      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         3697      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      9147126      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement          926      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        17605      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      2697018      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data          705      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean          168      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all           55      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data         9335      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean         6567      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all         1703      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          17649      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all         8001      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            779      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          619      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data      1651412      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data      1054148      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           79      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock         9071      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS           84      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      9178659      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         6234      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean        12040      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           35      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean           26      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        18274      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
