
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.408213                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2408212580500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               55234638379501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 137531                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   249302                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              252254312                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1851012                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  9546.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1312978187                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2380031489                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     19983808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          19983808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      9861568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        9861568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       312247                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             312247                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       154087                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            154087                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      8298191                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              8298191                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4094974                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             4094974                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12393165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            12393165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     312247                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    154087                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   312247                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  154087                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              19943360                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  40448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                9859648                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               19983808                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             9861568                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   632                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   32                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            21382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            18010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            16158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            18851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            17601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            15985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            19753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            20960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            17586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            20155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           21564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           18890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           21158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           23967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           19789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           19806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            11128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             9303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             8526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             9332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             8506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             7832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             9714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            10292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             8839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            10114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           10549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            8925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           10036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           11397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            9583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            9981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 2408203567000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               312247                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              154087                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 311355                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    259                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   347                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   348                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                  9573                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                  9587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                  9588                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                  9587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                  9584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                  9585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                  9586                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                  9585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                  9585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                  9586                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                  9587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                  9586                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                  9585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                  9586                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                  9585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                  9585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       203347                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   146.562949                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   106.344633                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   157.100234                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       115833     56.96%     56.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        56730     27.90%     84.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        11767      5.79%     90.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6239      3.07%     93.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5159      2.54%     96.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4448      2.19%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2463      1.21%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          407      0.20%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          301      0.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       203347                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9585                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     32.510172                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    27.014051                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    46.368852                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         9438     98.47%     98.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          121      1.26%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           22      0.23%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         9585                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9585                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.072718                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.068664                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.374522                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16            9236     96.36%     96.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17               2      0.02%     96.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18             346      3.61%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         9585                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  3903191245                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             9745972495                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1558075000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    12525.68                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               31275.68                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        8.28                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        4.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     8.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     4.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  196389                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  65937                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                63.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               42.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   5164117.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   56.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy               751464000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy               410025000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             1198072200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy             489304800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        158076721920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        202424312610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1274564357250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1637914257780                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           676.763694                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2112231968250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  80415660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 215564757750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy               817009200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy               445788750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             1308629400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy             519754320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        158076721920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        220369218480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1258823211750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1640360333820                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           677.774379                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2086556981251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  80415660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 241244393749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     21540032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          21540032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     13834944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       13834944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       336563                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             336563                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       216171                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            216171                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      8944406                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              8944406                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      5744901                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             5744901                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     14689308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            14689308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     336563                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    216171                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   336563                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  216171                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              21520640                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  19392                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               13834240                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               21540032                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            13834944                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   303                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            22591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            19709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            18039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            20018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            19131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            18227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            21104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            22504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            19815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            21556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           22520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           20924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           22621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           24579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           21318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           21604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            14867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            13100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            12384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            13157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            12424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            11982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            13610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            14161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            12801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            14090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           14380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           12983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           13972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           14999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           13349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           13901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 2408212353500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               336563                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              216171                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 335976                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    283                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 13441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 13463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 13465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 13462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 13462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 13461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 13464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 13464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 13462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 13461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 13463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 13464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 13463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 13465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 13461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 13461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       226062                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   156.394617                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.599366                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   161.525978                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       131706     58.26%     58.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        50209     22.21%     80.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        16720      7.40%     87.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10319      4.56%     92.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        11175      4.94%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3711      1.64%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1667      0.74%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          274      0.12%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          281      0.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       226062                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        13461                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     24.979868                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    21.801733                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    44.756943                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        13448     99.90%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           11      0.08%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        13461                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        13461                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.058242                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.054970                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.336526                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           13069     97.09%     97.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      0.01%     97.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18             390      2.90%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        13461                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  4431883247                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            10736758247                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1681300000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    13179.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               31929.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        8.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        5.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     8.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     5.74                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  226695                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  99663                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                67.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               46.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   4356910.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   59.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy               833890680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy               454999875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             1296422400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy             690204240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        158076721920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        183882594510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1290829022250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1636063855875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           675.999134                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2139447508251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  80415660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 188349185249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy               905703120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy               494183250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             1402120200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy             720893520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        158076721920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        196882859250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1279425281250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1637907762510                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           676.761011                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2121112729751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  80415660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 206688645249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     19936896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          19936896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      9808064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        9808064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       311514                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             311514                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       153251                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            153251                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      8278711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              8278711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4072757                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total             4072757                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12351468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            12351468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     311514                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    153251                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   311514                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  153251                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              19909376                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  27520                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                9807552                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               19936896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             9808064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   430                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            21568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            17718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            15811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            18710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            17410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            16209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            17279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            20074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           21879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           19193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           21200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           23649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           19562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           19928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            11171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             8757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             8068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             9328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             8473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             7959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             9737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            10282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             8742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            10121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           10672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            8982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            9996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           11291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            9584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           10080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 2408219830500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               311514                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              153251                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 310869                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    212                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                   292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                   293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                  9532                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                  9543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                  9542                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                  9542                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                  9542                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                  9542                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                  9541                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                  9542                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                  9542                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                  9543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                  9543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                  9543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                  9542                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                  9541                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                  9541                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                  9541                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       201019                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   147.830802                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   107.246116                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   157.549871                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       113042     56.23%     56.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        56975     28.34%     84.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        11864      5.90%     90.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6407      3.19%     93.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5196      2.58%     96.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4471      2.22%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2352      1.17%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          408      0.20%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          304      0.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       201019                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9541                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     32.604234                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    27.066445                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    48.445911                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         9391     98.43%     98.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          126      1.32%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           20      0.21%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3327            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total         9541                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9541                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.061524                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.058053                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.346726                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16            9249     96.94%     96.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18             289      3.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19               3      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total         9541                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  3897357748                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             9730182748                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1555420000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    12528.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               31278.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        8.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        4.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     8.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     4.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  196477                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  66830                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                63.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               43.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   5181586.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   56.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy               740622960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy               404109750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             1194944400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy             483505200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        158076721920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        201286240065                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        1275562674750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1637748819045                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           676.695333                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2113962617501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  80415660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 213838940499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy               810356400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy               442158750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             1307592000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy             520136640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        158076721920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        219287386980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        1259772195000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1640216547690                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           677.714965                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2088278273500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  80415660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 239523115250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     21481472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          21481472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     13796032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       13796032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       335648                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             335648                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       215563                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            215563                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      8920090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              8920090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3      5728743                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total             5728743                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     14648833                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            14648833                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     335648                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    215563                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   335648                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  215563                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              21468480                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  12992                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               13795584                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               21481472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            13796032                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   203                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            22531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            19077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            17962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            20182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            19005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            18187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            21254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            22202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            19742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            21674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           22400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           22699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           24579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           21480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           21684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            14711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            12785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            12177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            13222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            12482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            11910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            13603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            14059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            12797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            14172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           14322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           12923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           13965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           15015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           13494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           13919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 2408205579000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               335648                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              215563                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 335164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    280                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                   328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                   331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 13411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 13433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 13436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 13435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 13433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 13433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 13436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 13432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 13433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 13431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 13432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 13432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 13433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 13432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 13431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 13431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       225896                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   156.107802                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.296714                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   161.562559                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       132362     58.59%     58.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        49388     21.86%     80.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        16720      7.40%     87.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10387      4.60%     92.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        11105      4.92%     97.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3736      1.65%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1661      0.74%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          249      0.11%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          288      0.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       225896                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        13431                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     24.974760                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    21.788390                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    46.048089                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        13418     99.90%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           11      0.08%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        13431                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        13431                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.049140                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.046366                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.309873                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16           13101     97.54%     97.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      0.01%     97.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18             328      2.44%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        13431                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  4411178492                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            10700772242                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1677225000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    13150.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               31900.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        8.91                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        5.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     8.92                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     5.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  226344                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  98762                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                67.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               45.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   4368936.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   59.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy               829679760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy               452702250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             1289059200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy             685389600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        158076721920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        183836581830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        1290869392500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1636039527060                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           675.989077                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2139556155501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  80415660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 188240775749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy               908636400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy               495783750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             1403204400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy             721651680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        158076721920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        197130295395                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        1279208232000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1637944525545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           676.776201                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2120719040500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  80415660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 207082334500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      4814903769                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1297408635                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   2348645195                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           1506675212                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses            1130300403                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     803532                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    160858523                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  1506675212                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                   1130300403                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         2940053773                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        1033755632                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads          1382500491                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes         1075410492                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           938954221                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          528038664                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    388315844                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  349934472                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  38381372                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              24300444.654952                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              4790603324.345048                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.994953                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.005047                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        166252177                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              3901351      0.17%      0.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               1228733449     52.32%     52.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                 4265833      0.18%     52.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                      699      0.00%     52.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd              723444344     30.80%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               349934472     14.90%     98.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               38381372      1.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                2348661520                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      4814206538                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    5181861                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     10399533                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             10214830                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1893                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     264667                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       904115                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    10214830                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         1893                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           20149320                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           8312353                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                3183                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               1511                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             6695287                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            3559616                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      2281801                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1483171                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    798630                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              4788979382.931028                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              25227155.068972                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.005240                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.994760                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1220498                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                75792      0.73%      0.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  8006204     76.99%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   11822      0.11%     77.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    22571      0.22%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   1434      0.01%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1483171     14.26%     92.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 798630      7.68%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  10399624                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      4817635547                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    1955735                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      4185941                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              4097972                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    39                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     110624                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       324522                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     4097972                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           39                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            8199510                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           3387011                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  63                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                 31                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             2512663                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1281420                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       949971                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     591299                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    358672                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              4807736758.041598                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              9898788.958402                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.002055                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.997945                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           470968                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                73218      1.75%      1.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  3129251     74.76%     76.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    7615      0.18%     76.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    25878      0.62%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                     30      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  591299     14.13%     91.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 358672      8.57%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   4185963                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      4817515332                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    3686891                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      7581745                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              7367054                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                   372                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     167216                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       603086                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     7367054                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                          372                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           14359904                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           6077980                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                 596                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                261                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             4602994                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            2811151                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1545287                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     960548                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    584739                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              4797164228.699553                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              20351103.300448                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.004224                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.995776                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           830794                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                79418      1.05%      1.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  5921433     78.10%     79.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    8450      0.11%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    26998      0.36%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                    244      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  960548     12.67%     92.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 584739      7.71%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   7581830                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  403                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 403                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3116                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3116                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                55                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               55                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           88                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1246                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1258                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    7148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          220                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          340                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2492                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2860                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           87                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2815                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2516                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2789                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    11392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1584500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                27996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              112500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1700456                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1552988                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1539490                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1568989                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               79960                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1219500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1341500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1374000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1249000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages          356                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      1458176                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs          356                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               41127470                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.222792                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 1.316657                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    39984551     97.22%     97.22% |        2156      0.01%     97.23% |     1139936      2.77%    100.00% |         196      0.00%    100.00% |         593      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 41127470                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   2274041038                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.001962                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001361                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.044255                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2269578472     99.80%     99.80% |     4462566      0.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   2274041038                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     2274041038                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.133939                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.020090                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         3.929998                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  2273972695    100.00%    100.00% |       52539      0.00%    100.00% |       15326      0.00%    100.00% |         341      0.00%    100.00% |         136      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       2274041038                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2250129591                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2250129591    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2250129591                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     23911447                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    13.737944                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.630686                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    36.170423                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    23843104     99.71%     99.71% |       52539      0.22%     99.93% |       15326      0.06%    100.00% |         341      0.00%    100.00% |         136      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     23911447                      
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits    371573415                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses     21724816                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses    393298231                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits   1860644610                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses      1134879                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses   1861779489                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits      2044720                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses       238779                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses      2283499                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits      6529057                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses       189225                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses      6718282                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits       841212                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses       108299                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses       949511                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits      2422718                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses       140394                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses      2563112                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits      1336501                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses       210622                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses      1547123                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits      4737358                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses       164433                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses      4901791                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits      20228171                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses      2631524                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses     22859695                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits        286635                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses       141369                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses       428004                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits        193551                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses        55142                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses       248693                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits        265809                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses       109246                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses       375055                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      1645637                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      1291644                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      2937281                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            16                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.218971                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0      2631524                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2         9031                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2635537                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2567450                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2550572                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1019859                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          445                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1525199                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0     21052192                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        72248                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    189758664                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     20539600                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     20404576                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     73429848                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        32040                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     12201592                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.011963                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0       141369                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20974                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1       148615                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1       115864                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2       109509                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        56865                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3093                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        39895                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0      1130952                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       167792                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10700280                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       926912                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       876072                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4094280                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       222696                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       319160                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.003992                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0        55142                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20041                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1        60898                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31638                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::2        24417                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         6623                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2660                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6177                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0       441136                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       160328                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4384656                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       253104                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       195336                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       476856                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       191520                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        49416                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.009149                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0       109246                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2        23786                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1       119783                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1        79847                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::2        77601                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        37781                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3383                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23612                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0       873968                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       190288                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8624376                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       638776                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       620808                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2720232                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       243576                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       188896                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.351937                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0      4210521                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2        46265                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1      4940337                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4549998                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2762099                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1121128                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         9581                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1594883                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0     33684168                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       370120                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    355704264                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     36399984                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     22096792                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     80721216                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       689832                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     12759064                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.025789                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0       306519                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1       466419                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1       458248                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5813                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0      2452152                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     33582168                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3665984                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46504                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.029880                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0       330868                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       552790                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       444843                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5751                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0      2646944                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     39800880                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3558744                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46008                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.025707                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0       305853                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       464815                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       457707                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5711                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0      2446824                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     33466680                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3661656                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45688                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.029798                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0       330000                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       551259                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       443707                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5696                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0      2640000                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     39690648                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3549656                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45568                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.001192                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1653912                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       183768                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.047235                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0      4210521                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::2        73832                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::1      4981712                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4574651                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2762099                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1121128                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         9581                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1617854                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0     33684168                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       590656                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    358683264                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     36597208                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     22096792                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     80721216                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       689832                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     12942832                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        12631563                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       193929                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     14945136                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     22010250                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      3392127                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      4853562                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        101052504                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      1551432                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   1076049792                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    176082000                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    244233144                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     38828496                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.272206                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         9031                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2627696                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2562854                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        72248                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    189194112                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     20502832                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.165737                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      2631524                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         7841                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4596                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2550572                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1019859                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          445                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1525199                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     21052192                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       564552                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        36768                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     20404576                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     73429848                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        32040                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     12201592                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014335                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20974                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       139699                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       102580                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       167792                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10058328                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       820640                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.009591                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       141369                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         8916                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        13284                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       109509                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        56865                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3093                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        39895                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1130952                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       641952                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       106272                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       876072                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4094280                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       222696                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       319160                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005396                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20041                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        53517                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18071                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       160328                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3853224                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       144568                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002588                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        55142                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         7381                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        13567                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        24417                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         6623                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2660                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6177                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       441136                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       531432                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       108536                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       195336                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       476856                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       191520                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        49416                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.011024                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        23786                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       108081                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        65447                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       190288                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7781832                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       523576                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.007274                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       109246                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11702                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        14400                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        77601                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        37781                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3383                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23612                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       873968                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       842544                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       115200                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       620808                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2720232                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       243576                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       188896                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.315377                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      2937281                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1290676                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1293102                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2762099                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1121128                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         9581                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1594883                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     23498248                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     92928672                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     10344816                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     22096792                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     80721216                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       689832                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     12759064                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.388497                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1273240                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        46265                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3649661                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3256896                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     10185920                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       370120                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    262775592                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     26055168                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.019217                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       306519                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       154087                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       152038                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5813                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2452152                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11094264                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1216304                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46504                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.032360                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       312332                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       306210                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     22487904                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2449680                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.024878                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       330868                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       216171                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       114308                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5751                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2646944                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15564312                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       914464                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.034882                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       336619                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       330535                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     24236568                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2644280                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.019133                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       305853                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       153251                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       152203                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5711                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2446824                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11034072                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1217624                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45688                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.032281                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       311564                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       305504                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     22432608                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2444032                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.024809                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       330000                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       215563                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       114048                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5696                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2640000                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15520536                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       912384                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45568                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.034786                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       335696                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       329659                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     24170112                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2637272                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002146                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1653912                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000238                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       183768                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.link_utilization     0.272206                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2         9031                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2627696                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2562854                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        72248                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    189194112                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     20502832                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.link_utilization     0.014335                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20974                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1       139699                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1       102580                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       167792                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10058328                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       820640                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.link_utilization     0.005396                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20041                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        53517                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18071                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       160328                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3853224                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       144568                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.link_utilization     0.011024                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2        23786                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1       108081                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1        65447                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       190288                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7781832                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       523576                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.link_utilization     0.315377                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0      2937281                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1290676                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1293102                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2762099                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1121128                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         9581                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1594883                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0     23498248                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     92928672                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     10344816                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     22096792                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     80721216                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       689832                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     12759064                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.link_utilization     0.019217                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0       306519                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1       154087                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1       152038                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5813                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0      2452152                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11094264                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1216304                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46504                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.link_utilization     0.024878                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0       330868                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       216171                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       114308                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5751                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0      2646944                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15564312                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       914464                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46008                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.link_utilization     0.019133                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Control::0       305853                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       153251                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       152203                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5711                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Control::0      2446824                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11034072                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1217624                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45688                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.link_utilization     0.024809                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Control::0       330000                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       215563                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       114048                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5696                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Control::0      2640000                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15520536                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       912384                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45568                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.link_utilization     0.002146                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1653912                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle14.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       8415391                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.068432                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        2.724071                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     7292832     86.66%     86.66% |         657      0.01%     86.67% |     1121122     13.32%     99.99% |         177      0.00%     99.99% |         566      0.01%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         8415391                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      32182751                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.005332                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.199822                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    32162391     99.94%     99.94% |        1499      0.00%     99.94% |       18814      0.06%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        32182751                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        529328                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000004                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.002749                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      529327    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          529328                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    356458724                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.595157                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.107764                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      7.758108                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   356123345     99.91%     99.91% |      296662      0.08%     99.99% |       14433      0.00%     99.99% |       15015      0.00%    100.00% |        6490      0.00%    100.00% |        2543      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |         149      0.00%    100.00% |          51      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     356458724                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    336555187                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   336555187    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    336555187                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     19903537                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    11.658852                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.251997                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    31.155460                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    19568158     98.31%     98.31% |      296662      1.49%     99.81% |       14433      0.07%     99.88% |       15015      0.08%     99.95% |        6490      0.03%     99.99% |        2543      0.01%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |         149      0.00%    100.00% |          51      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     19903537                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     39961964                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.905868                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.142101                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     17.893652                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    39933082     99.93%     99.93% |       22533      0.06%     99.98% |        6110      0.02%    100.00% |         168      0.00%    100.00% |          70      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      39961964                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     37692883                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    37692883    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     37692883                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2269081                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.565228                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.381517                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    67.648014                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     2240199     98.73%     98.73% |       22533      0.99%     99.72% |        6110      0.27%     99.99% |         168      0.01%    100.00% |          70      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2269081                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   1875962674                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.007972                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001718                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.538674                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  1875955172    100.00%    100.00% |        6914      0.00%    100.00% |         265      0.00%    100.00% |         175      0.00%    100.00% |         102      0.00%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   1875962674                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1874333743                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1874333743    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1874333743                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1628931                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.181421                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     7.220453                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    15.809804                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     1621429     99.54%     99.54% |        6914      0.42%     99.96% |         265      0.02%     99.98% |         175      0.01%     99.99% |         102      0.01%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1628931                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1235562                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.624231                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.136911                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     6.396865                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1234676     99.93%     99.93% |         802      0.06%     99.99% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1235562                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1150728                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1150728    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1150728                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        84834                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.091591                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.480799                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    22.781577                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       83948     98.96%     98.96% |         802      0.95%     99.90% |          34      0.04%     99.94% |          24      0.03%     99.97% |          18      0.02%     99.99% |           7      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        84834                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       211057                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     3.579535                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.352658                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    14.602916                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      209971     99.49%     99.49% |        1014      0.48%     99.97% |          33      0.02%     99.98% |          27      0.01%     99.99% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       211057                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       185993                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      185993    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       185993                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        25064                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    22.721553                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    12.726190                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    37.147418                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       23978     95.67%     95.67% |        1014      4.05%     99.71% |          33      0.13%     99.84% |          27      0.11%     99.95% |          10      0.04%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        25064                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       211057                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      211057    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       211057                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       211057                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      211057    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       211057                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      306519     24.07%     24.07% |      330868     25.99%     50.06% |      305853     24.02%     74.08% |      330000     25.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1273240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      154087     20.85%     20.85% |      216171     29.25%     50.10% |      153251     20.74%     70.83% |      215563     29.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       739072                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      312247     24.09%     24.09% |      336563     25.97%     50.06% |      311514     24.04%     74.10% |      335648     25.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1295972                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      154087     20.85%     20.85% |      216171     29.25%     50.10% |      153251     20.74%     70.83% |      215563     29.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       739072                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |        5813     25.31%     25.31% |        5751     25.04%     50.34% |        5711     24.86%     75.20% |        5696     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        22971                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      152038     28.55%     28.55% |      114308     21.46%     50.01% |      152203     28.58%     78.59% |      114048     21.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       532597                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      306519     24.07%     24.07% |      330868     25.99%     50.06% |      305853     24.02%     74.08% |      330000     25.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1273240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |        5728     25.20%     25.20% |        5695     25.05%     50.25% |        5661     24.90%     75.15% |        5648     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        22732                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |        5728     25.20%     25.20% |        5695     25.05%     50.25% |        5661     24.90%     75.15% |        5648     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total        22732                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      154002     20.84%     20.84% |      216115     29.25%     50.09% |      153201     20.74%     70.83% |      215515     29.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       738833                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          85     35.56%     35.56% |          56     23.43%     59.00% |          50     20.92%     79.92% |          48     20.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          239                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      152038     28.55%     28.55% |      114308     21.46%     50.01% |      152203     28.58%     78.59% |      114048     21.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       532597                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      306519     24.07%     24.07% |      330868     25.99%     50.06% |      305853     24.02%     74.08% |      330000     25.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1273240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      154002     20.84%     20.84% |      216115     29.25%     50.09% |      153201     20.74%     70.83% |      215515     29.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       738833                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          85     35.56%     35.56% |          56     23.43%     59.00% |          50     20.92%     79.92% |          48     20.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total          239                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          85     35.56%     35.56% |          56     23.43%     59.00% |          50     20.92%     79.92% |          48     20.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          239                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       22971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        22971                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       22971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          22971                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       22971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        22971                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       22971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        22971                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |   353714298     99.23%     99.23% |     1355645      0.38%     99.61% |      549212      0.15%     99.76% |      839569      0.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total    356458724                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |  1861779489     99.24%     99.24% |     6718282      0.36%     99.60% |     2563112      0.14%     99.74% |     4901791      0.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1875962674                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |    39583933     95.11%     95.11% |      927854      2.23%     97.34% |      400299      0.96%     98.30% |      707554      1.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total     41619640                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |      327512     71.90%     71.90% |       43592      9.57%     81.47% |       39942      8.77%     90.24% |       44450      9.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total       455496                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |    22594931     95.69%     95.69% |      416176      1.76%     97.45% |      238659      1.01%     98.46% |      363761      1.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total     23613527                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |      787579     59.30%     59.30% |      186976     14.08%     73.38% |      172334     12.98%     86.35% |      181261     13.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total      1328150                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |    22072116     97.74%     97.74% |      241028      1.07%     98.80% |       76359      0.34%     99.14% |      193794      0.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total     22583297                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load    |    19490056     97.92%     97.92% |      184736      0.93%     98.85% |       79345      0.40%     99.25% |      149400      0.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     19903537                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |     1134879     69.67%     69.67% |      189225     11.62%     81.29% |      140394      8.62%     89.91% |      164433     10.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total      1628931                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store   |     2231496     94.09%     94.09% |       52428      2.21%     96.31% |       27488      1.16%     97.46% |       60136      2.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      2371548                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |       65991     40.00%     40.00% |       33354     20.22%     60.22% |       31386     19.02%     79.24% |       34244     20.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total       164975                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      955358     75.87%     75.87% |      106205      8.43%     84.30% |       83753      6.65%     90.96% |      113884      9.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      1259200                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     8614244     49.92%     49.92% |     3325305     19.27%     69.19% |     2345826     13.59%     82.79% |     2969706     17.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     17255081                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        3264     43.92%     43.92% |        1615     21.73%     65.66% |        1466     19.73%     85.39% |        1086     14.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         7431                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |       14417     54.28%     54.28% |        4277     16.10%     70.38% |        3988     15.02%     85.40% |        3878     14.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        26560                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |      769903     59.49%     59.49% |      181073     13.99%     73.48% |      166881     12.89%     86.38% |      176327     13.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total      1294184                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |   285918237     99.80%     99.80% |      303353      0.11%     99.91% |       89880      0.03%     99.94% |      172364      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total    286483834                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |  1852030366     99.73%     99.73% |     3203752      0.17%     99.90% |       76892      0.00%     99.90% |     1767652      0.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total   1857078662                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |     3002271     95.69%     95.69% |       64426      2.05%     97.74% |       14132      0.45%     98.19% |       56780      1.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      3137609                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |      241263     96.04%     96.04% |        3568      1.42%     97.46% |        2460      0.98%     98.44% |        3926      1.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total       251217                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |    16593826     98.68%     98.68% |      119035      0.71%     99.39% |       30806      0.18%     99.57% |       71839      0.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total     16815506                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    47350647     97.01%     97.01% |      761351      1.56%     98.57% |      296234      0.61%     99.17% |      403921      0.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     48812153                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    34346902     95.14%     95.14% |      809385      2.24%     97.38% |      357213      0.99%     98.37% |      589552      1.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     36103052                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        5841     45.83%     45.83% |        2393     18.78%     64.61% |        2108     16.54%     81.15% |        2402     18.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        12744                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |     5231202     95.05%     95.05% |      116068      2.11%     97.16% |       40972      0.74%     97.90% |      115595      2.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total      5503837                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data |      564601     56.83%     56.83% |      145472     14.64%     71.47% |      136488     13.74%     85.21% |      146955     14.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data::total       993516                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive |      570278     89.75%     89.75% |       43753      6.89%     96.63% |        3906      0.61%     97.25% |       17478      2.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive::total       635415                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |      222978     66.63%     66.63% |       41504     12.40%     79.04% |       35846     10.71%     89.75% |       34306     10.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total       334634                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |    19267078     98.46%     98.46% |      143232      0.73%     99.19% |       43499      0.22%     99.41% |      115094      0.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total     19568903                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |     2231496     94.09%     94.09% |       52428      2.21%     96.31% |       27488      1.16%     97.46% |       60136      2.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total      2371548                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |        3264     43.92%     43.92% |        1615     21.73%     65.66% |        1466     19.73%     85.39% |        1086     14.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total         7431                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    20624935     95.79%     95.79% |      373961      1.74%     97.52% |      219739      1.02%     98.54% |      313833      1.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     21532468                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     2234760     93.94%     93.94% |       54043      2.27%     96.21% |       28954      1.22%     97.43% |       61222      2.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      2378979                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |    21825028     97.79%     97.79% |      235103      1.05%     98.84% |       71778      0.32%     99.16% |      187434      0.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total     22319343                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |        5841     45.83%     45.83% |        2393     18.78%     64.61% |        2108     16.54%     81.15% |        2402     18.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total        12744                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        5041      9.09%      9.09% |       16377     29.55%     38.64% |       16227     29.28%     67.92% |       17783     32.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        55428                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |      654170     77.28%     77.28% |       64032      7.56%     84.84% |       57428      6.78%     91.62% |       70906      8.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       846536                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |         854      1.32%      1.32% |       23152     35.92%     37.24% |       22456     34.84%     72.08% |       17994     27.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        64456                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     2626750     90.96%     90.96% |      126451      4.38%     95.34% |       39934      1.38%     96.72% |       94625      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      2887760                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         139     14.36%     14.36% |         278     28.72%     43.08% |         247     25.52%     68.60% |         304     31.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total          968                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        3851     22.09%     22.09% |        4319     24.77%     46.86% |        3567     20.46%     67.31% |        5699     32.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        17436                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        1248     41.35%     41.35% |         623     20.64%     61.99% |         516     17.10%     79.09% |         631     20.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         3018                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |     2023408     92.97%     92.97% |       84107      3.86%     96.84% |       12440      0.57%     97.41% |       56382      2.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      2176337                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        1259      7.22%      7.22% |        5224     29.96%     37.18% |        4754     27.27%     64.45% |        6199     35.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        17436                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      601781     82.19%     82.19% |       49745      6.79%     88.98% |       35807      4.89%     93.87% |       44869      6.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       732202                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |      321671     72.65%     72.65% |       41199      9.31%     81.96% |       37834      8.55%     90.50% |       42048      9.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total       442752                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       12720     58.79%     58.79% |        3527     16.30%     75.10% |        3130     14.47%     89.56% |        2258     10.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        21635                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        5076     44.90%     44.90% |        2293     20.28%     65.18% |        2141     18.94%     84.11% |        1796     15.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        11306                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     2545058     93.71%     93.71% |       96760      3.56%     97.27% |       12800      0.47%     97.74% |       61393      2.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2716011                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |     2105619     88.88%     88.88% |      121191      5.12%     94.00% |       47919      2.02%     96.02% |       94226      3.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      2368955                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |      522077     93.22%     93.22% |       18508      3.30%     96.53% |        5598      1.00%     97.53% |       13855      2.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       560038                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |        3947     26.42%     26.42% |        3285     21.99%     48.42% |        2978     19.94%     68.35% |        4727     31.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total        14937                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      704064     62.36%     62.36% |      147606     13.07%     75.43% |      135245     11.98%     87.41% |      142196     12.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      1129111                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        3303     42.87%     42.87% |        1654     21.47%     64.33% |        1614     20.95%     85.28% |        1134     14.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         7705                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |       80215     47.59%     47.59% |       29195     17.32%     64.91% |       26844     15.93%     80.84% |       32293     19.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       168547                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |         193      0.84%      0.84% |        8436     36.70%     37.54% |        8530     37.11%     74.64% |        5829     25.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        22988                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |        1304     20.31%     20.31% |        2286     35.60%     55.91% |        1610     25.07%     80.98% |        1221     19.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total         6421                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |         525     90.05%     90.05% |          16      2.74%     92.80% |          11      1.89%     94.68% |          31      5.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total          583                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |         635      2.10%      2.10% |        9845     32.63%     34.73% |       10296     34.12%     68.85% |        9398     31.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total        30174                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |       81692     47.56%     47.56% |       29691     17.29%     64.85% |       27134     15.80%     80.65% |       33232     19.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total       171749                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |     1835513     92.60%     92.60% |       81898      4.13%     96.73% |       10879      0.55%     97.28% |       53985      2.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total      1982275                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |      187816     98.42%     98.42% |        1181      0.62%     99.04% |         744      0.39%     99.43% |        1087      0.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       190828                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |          84      2.59%      2.59% |        1055     32.47%     35.06% |         815     25.08%     60.14% |        1295     39.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         3249                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv    |          14      1.90%      1.90% |         154     20.92%     22.83% |         293     39.81%     62.64% |         275     37.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv::total          736                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |      187702     98.49%     98.49% |        1128      0.59%     99.08% |         713      0.37%     99.46% |        1033      0.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total       190576                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           3     50.00%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |          57      2.65%      2.65% |         793     36.85%     39.50% |         409     19.01%     58.50% |         893     41.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total         2152                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |    19989515     98.29%     98.29% |      153205      0.75%     99.04% |       60899      0.30%     99.34% |      133449      0.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total     20337068                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |       59054     92.43%     92.43% |        1640      2.57%     94.99% |        1126      1.76%     96.76% |        2073      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        63893                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |         150      2.50%      2.50% |        2085     34.80%     37.31% |        1883     31.43%     68.74% |        1873     31.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         5991                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |    17813948     98.81%     98.81% |      102878      0.57%     99.38% |       34965      0.19%     99.58% |       76190      0.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     18027981                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |     1708855     94.38%     94.38% |       33865      1.87%     96.25% |       21731      1.20%     97.45% |       46202      2.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total      1810653                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |         445      4.64%      4.64% |        3093     32.28%     36.93% |        2660     27.76%     64.69% |        3383     35.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total         9581                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |     2357356     93.34%     93.34% |       95632      3.79%     97.13% |       12087      0.48%     97.61% |       60360      2.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      2525435                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         136     14.14%     14.14% |         277     28.79%     42.93% |         247     25.68%     68.61% |         302     31.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total          962                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        3794     24.82%     24.82% |        3526     23.07%     47.89% |        3158     20.66%     68.56% |        4806     31.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        15284                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |     2023408     92.97%     92.97% |       84107      3.86%     96.84% |       12440      0.57%     97.41% |       56382      2.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      2176337                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        1259      7.22%      7.22% |        5224     29.96%     37.18% |        4754     27.27%     64.45% |        6199     35.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        17436                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       80952     46.21%     46.21% |       31860     18.19%     64.40% |       30725     17.54%     81.94% |       31645     18.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       175182                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        1248     41.35%     41.35% |         623     20.64%     61.99% |         516     17.10%     79.09% |         631     20.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         3018                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      520829     93.50%     93.50% |       17885      3.21%     96.71% |        5082      0.91%     97.63% |       13224      2.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       557020                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |       12720     58.79%     58.79% |        3527     16.30%     75.10% |        3130     14.47%     89.56% |        2258     10.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        21635                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        5076     44.90%     44.90% |        2293     20.28%     65.18% |        2141     18.94%     84.11% |        1796     15.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total        11306                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     2545058     93.71%     93.71% |       96760      3.56%     97.27% |       12800      0.47%     97.74% |       61393      2.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2716011                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       80215     47.59%     47.59% |       29195     17.32%     64.91% |       26844     15.93%     80.84% |       32293     19.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       168547                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         193      0.84%      0.84% |        8436     36.70%     37.54% |        8530     37.11%     74.64% |        5829     25.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        22988                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |       80408     41.98%     41.98% |       37631     19.65%     61.63% |       35374     18.47%     80.10% |       38122     19.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total       191535                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |         124     20.43%     20.43% |         160     26.36%     46.79% |         144     23.72%     70.51% |         179     29.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total          607                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |      187816     98.42%     98.42% |        1181      0.62%     99.04% |         744      0.39%     99.43% |        1087      0.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       190828                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |          84      2.59%      2.59% |        1055     32.47%     35.06% |         815     25.08%     60.14% |        1295     39.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         3249                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |      187776     97.06%     97.06% |        2076      1.07%     98.13% |        1415      0.73%     98.86% |        2203      1.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total       193470                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |        5717     47.10%     47.10% |        2233     18.40%     65.50% |        1964     16.18%     81.68% |        2223     18.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total        12137                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       59054     92.43%     92.43% |        1640      2.57%     94.99% |        1126      1.76%     96.76% |        2073      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        63893                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         150      2.50%      2.50% |        2085     34.80%     37.31% |        1883     31.43%     68.74% |        1873     31.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         5991                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |       53487     92.62%     92.62% |        1492      2.58%     95.21% |        1045      1.81%     97.02% |        1723      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total        57747                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        2368968      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         560038      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE         8288      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        2716011      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement       733711      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean       537719      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       1273240      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        1271669      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          13340      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean        13677      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              14220      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all           6974      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          17436      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      2744663      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv            478      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS       806574      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX       466666      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       175182      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         3018      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE         8288      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          458      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean         5780      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      1369763      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX        89386      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       732008      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean       522930      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv          176      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        17436      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX          968      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      2716011      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         1245      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean         9009      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv           63      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      1271669      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv          176      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data         1090      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean          169      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all           49      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv           63      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data         5122      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean         3200      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all          687      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          13622      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all         5780      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            598      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          458      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data       806574      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data       466666      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           11      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        11306      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      2733357      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         7122      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean        10289      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           25      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean           19      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        17411      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.567968                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2567968290500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               55394394089501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 136238                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   247124                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              251625677                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2125444                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 10205.51                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1390383140                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2522027578                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     22492224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          22492224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     11450752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       11450752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       351441                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             351441                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       178918                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            178918                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      8758762                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              8758762                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4459071                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             4459071                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     13217833                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            13217833                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     351441                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    178918                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   351441                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  178918                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              22448384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  43840                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               11448320                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               22492224                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            11450752                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   685                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   32                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            23886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            20546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            18447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            21095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            19773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            18675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            22320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            23559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            19878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            22554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           23916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           21033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           23689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           26755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           22216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           22414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            12545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            10866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            10130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            10839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             9997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             9439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            11353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            12101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            10359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            11720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           12137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           10191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           11527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           13163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           11026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           11487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 2567962785500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               351441                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              178918                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 350287                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    467                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 11101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 11137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 11135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 11134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 11134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 11133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 11134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 11135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 11132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 11134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 11136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 11133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 11132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 11132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 11132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 11131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       234268                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   144.692267                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   105.301409                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   154.558585                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       135962     58.04%     58.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        62646     26.74%     84.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14360      6.13%     90.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7452      3.18%     94.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5708      2.44%     96.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4694      2.00%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2591      1.11%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          510      0.22%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          345      0.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       234268                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11131                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     31.510915                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    26.513935                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    43.288231                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        10984     98.68%     98.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          121      1.09%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           22      0.20%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        11131                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11131                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.070434                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.066506                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.368672                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           10738     96.47%     96.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17               3      0.03%     96.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18             389      3.49%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        11131                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  4523545490                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            11100220490                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1753780000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    12896.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               31646.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        8.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        4.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     8.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     4.46                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  216193                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  79175                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                61.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               44.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   4841933.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   55.77                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy               868817880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy               474057375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             1350952200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy             571192560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        168510847440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        229141215810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1346978780250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1747895863515                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           677.487837                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2232534998750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  85750080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 249678036750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy               933418080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy               509305500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             1461041400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy             598719600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        168510847440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        247300329105                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1331049733500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1750363394625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           678.444257                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2206546027002                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  85750080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 275671432998                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     25166336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          25166336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     15428416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       15428416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       393224                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             393224                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       241069                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            241069                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      9800096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              9800096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      6008024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             6008024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     15808120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            15808120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     393224                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    241069                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   393224                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  241069                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              25144000                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  22336                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               15428224                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               25166336                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            15428416                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   349                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            26171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            23326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            21414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            23338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            22384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            22050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            24734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            26198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            23204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            25056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           25935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           24193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           26210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           28490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           24839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           25333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            16303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            14661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            13942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            14680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            13905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            13633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            15263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            15961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            14315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            15707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           15997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           14261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           15451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           16785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           14785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           15417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 2567966904500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               393224                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              241069                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 392368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    505                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 14974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 15013                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 15016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 15013                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 15014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 15013                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 15013                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 15014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 15014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 15012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 15013                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 15015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 15014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 15014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 15011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 15011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       258569                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   156.910380                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.711875                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   162.233532                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       151111     58.44%     58.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        56296     21.77%     80.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        19527      7.55%     87.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        11755      4.55%     92.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        13243      5.12%     97.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4146      1.60%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1796      0.69%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          362      0.14%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          333      0.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       258569                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        15011                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     26.172807                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    22.149164                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    61.528188                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        14989     99.85%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           11      0.07%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            2      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            3      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            2      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        15011                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        15011                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.059290                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.055961                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.339419                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           14566     97.04%     97.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      0.01%     97.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18             443      2.95%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        15011                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  5117228239                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            12483634489                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1964375000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    13025.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               31775.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        9.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        6.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     9.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     6.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  262597                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 112774                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                66.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               46.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   4048549.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   59.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy               957239640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy               522303375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             1517100000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy             772260480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        168510847440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        210293369235                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1363511979000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1746085099170                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           676.785981                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2260206522751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  85750080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 222010301749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              1028107080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy               560971125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             1623031800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy             800228160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        168510847440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        223850644245                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1351619632500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1747993462350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           677.525667                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2241056474001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  85750080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 241165116999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     22428544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          22428544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     11382528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       11382528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       350446                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             350446                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       177852                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            177852                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      8733965                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              8733965                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4432503                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total             4432503                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     13166468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            13166468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     350446                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    177852                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   350446                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  177852                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              22397504                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  31040                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               11382016                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               22428544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            11382528                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   485                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            24037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            20209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            18053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            20962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            19581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            18892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            22669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            23335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            19516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            22482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           24200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           21364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           23731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           26449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           21947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           22534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            12594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            10277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             9616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            10842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             9947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             9575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            11376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            12059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            10220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            11720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           12256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           10238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           11489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           13063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           10990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           11582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 2567970142500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               350446                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              177852                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 349540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    417                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                   350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                   351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 11044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 11078                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 11074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 11074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 11074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 11073                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 11072                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 11072                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 11074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 11076                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 11073                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 11074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 11075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 11071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 11071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 11071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       231317                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   146.031014                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   106.201149                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   155.188973                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       132669     57.35%     57.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        62692     27.10%     84.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14501      6.27%     90.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7658      3.31%     94.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5745      2.48%     96.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4700      2.03%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2487      1.08%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          515      0.22%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          350      0.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       231317                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11071                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     31.610333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    26.568277                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    45.224879                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        10921     98.65%     98.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          126      1.14%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           20      0.18%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3327            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        11071                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11071                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.063951                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.060301                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.355969                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16           10721     96.84%     96.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18             345      3.12%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19               3      0.03%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        11071                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  4506595492                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            11068364242                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1749805000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    12877.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               31627.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        8.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        4.43                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     8.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     4.43                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  216324                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  80163                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                61.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               45.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   4860836.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   56.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy               855633240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy               466863375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             1346412600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy             564576480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        168510847440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        227707519320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        1348236408750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1747688261205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           677.407370                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2234698066001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  85750080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 247519750999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy               924399000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy               504384375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             1459372200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy             598479840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        168510847440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        246254168205                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        1331967418500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1750219069560                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           678.388316                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2208215959501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  85750080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 274001500499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     25092352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          25092352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     15376832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       15376832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       392068                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             392068                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       240263                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            240263                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      9771286                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              9771286                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3      5987937                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total             5987937                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     15759223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            15759223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     392068                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    240263                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   392068                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  240263                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              25076288                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  16064                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               15376064                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               25092352                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            15376832                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   251                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            26096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            22565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            21308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            23521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            22265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            21988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            24870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            25858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            23132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            25152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           25819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           24043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           26323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           28461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           24987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           25429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            16132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            14277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            13720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            14729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            13958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            13516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            15231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            15848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            14312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            15765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           15924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           14211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           15455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           16791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           14931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           15451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 2567963152000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               392068                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              240263                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 391332                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    481                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                   371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                   375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 14926                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 14971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 14974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 14974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 14972                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 14974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 14974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 14974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 14974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 14976                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 14972                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 14973                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 14973                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 14972                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 14969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 14969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       257919                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   156.841303                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.529449                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   162.460895                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       151437     58.71%     58.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        55305     21.44%     80.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        19499      7.56%     87.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        11825      4.58%     92.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        13207      5.12%     97.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4171      1.62%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1797      0.70%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          338      0.13%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          340      0.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       257919                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        14969                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     26.174026                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    22.135731                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    62.050432                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        14947     99.85%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           12      0.08%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            2      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            2      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        14969                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        14969                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.049903                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.047083                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.312500                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16           14596     97.51%     97.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      0.01%     97.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18             370      2.47%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19               2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        14969                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  5071828984                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            12418397734                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1959085000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    12944.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               31694.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        9.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        5.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     9.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     5.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  262158                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 111991                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                66.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               46.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   4061105.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   59.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy               950443200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy               518595000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             1508005200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy             766143360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        168510847440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        210190175010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        1363602500250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1746046709460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           676.771101                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2260394862251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  85750080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 221818619749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              1029966840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy               561985875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             1623952200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy             800921520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        168510847440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        223968296520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        1351516428750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1748012399145                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           677.533006                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2240847925500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  85750080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 241369534500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      5137711563                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1299321207                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   2352252398                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           1510237358                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses            1130313111                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     877253                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    161143378                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  1510237358                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                   1130313111                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         2947195356                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        1036604194                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads          1382521276                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes         1075420563                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           940885526                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          529274949                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    389136481                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  350418559                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  38717922                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              333923902.379234                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              4803787660.620766                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.935005                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.064995                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        166650056                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              3919218      0.17%      0.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               1231486795     52.35%     52.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                 4268434      0.18%     52.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                     4136      0.00%     52.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd              723453920     30.76%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               350418559     14.90%     98.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               38717922      1.65%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                2352269000                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      5130653818                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   76960140                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    141821261                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            140607879                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses               1320816                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    4236973                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     10206598                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   140607879                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                      1320816                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          291572039                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         112125077                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads              339381                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes             990885                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            70596551                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           42785838                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     34874983                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   23135833                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  11739150                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              4808409551.903208                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              322244266.096793                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.062808                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.937192                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         16603652                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               120933      0.09%      0.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                106079504     74.80%     74.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   56397      0.04%     74.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    28151      0.02%     74.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                 662017      0.47%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                23135833     16.31%     91.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               11739150      8.28%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 141822017                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      5137055808                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    3902278                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      7836497                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              7707738                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                  6666                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     180769                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       608972                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     7707738                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                         6666                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           15398622                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           6268259                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               10688                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes               5240                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             4450148                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            2554169                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1783233                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    1070989                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    712244                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              5116895744.685667                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              20160063.314333                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.003924                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.996076                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           869058                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                91390      1.17%      1.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  5917346     75.51%     76.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   10207      0.13%     76.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    29623      0.38%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                   4928      0.06%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 1070989     13.67%     90.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 712244      9.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   7836759                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      5135564249                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    5454450                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     10898347                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             10637873                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                 24131                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     237217                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       846238                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    10637873                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                        24131                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           21077812                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           8643696                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               38931                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              18898                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             6281908                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            3733405                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      2391760                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    1444996                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    946764                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              5106071948.236444                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              29492300.763555                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.005743                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.994257                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1181775                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                96535      0.89%      0.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  8354504     76.66%     77.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   10307      0.09%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    27373      0.25%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                  18084      0.17%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 1444996     13.26%     91.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 946764      8.69%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  10898563                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1526                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1526                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3820                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3820                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               109                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              109                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           38                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           38                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          156                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           66                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           68                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          326                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2386                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           62                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          590                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1370                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           68                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1402                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   10910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           76                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           76                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          761                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3913                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          340                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          163                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3431                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          266                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          124                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          295                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2740                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3449                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          246                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          265                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2804                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3491                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    14596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1665500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy               227979                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             1915000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1872951                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1746949                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1725483                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1759481                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              124958                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             2711000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1780500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1914500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1883000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages          356                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      1458176                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs          356                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            2                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes         8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            2                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               90369449                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.222878                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 1.317505                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    87858142     97.22%     97.22% |        7926      0.01%     97.23% |     2500422      2.77%    100.00% |         791      0.00%    100.00% |        2018      0.00%    100.00% |          49      0.00%    100.00% |         101      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 90369449                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   4684201168                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.001906                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001322                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.043611                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  4675275330     99.81%     99.81% |     8925838      0.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   4684201168                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     4684201168                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.141604                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.021564                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         4.016095                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  4684055077    100.00%    100.00% |      112145      0.00%    100.00% |       32909      0.00%    100.00% |         735      0.00%    100.00% |         300      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       4684201168                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   4631228239                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  4631228239    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   4631228239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     52972929                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    13.521501                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.596619                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    35.654098                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    52826838     99.72%     99.72% |      112145      0.21%     99.94% |       32909      0.06%    100.00% |         735      0.00%    100.00% |         300      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     52972929                      
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits    372305403                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses     21820687                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses    394126090                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits   1863088806                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses      1214736                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses   1864303542                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits     32429492                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses      2497492                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses     34926984                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits     97585736                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses      2581165                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses    100166901                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits      1587341                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses       202280                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses      1789621                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits      4930316                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses       209814                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses      5140130                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits      2095277                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses       302923                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses      2398200                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits      7076277                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses       232385                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses      7308662                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits      20343465                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses      2691958                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses     23035423                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits       4550319                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses       528338                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses      5078657                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits        298335                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses       113759                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses       412094                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits        388174                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses       147134                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses       535308                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      1990933                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      1490256                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      3481189                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            54                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.209729                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0      2691958                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2        12927                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2698025                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2613866                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2596837                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1036629                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          919                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1550424                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0     21535664                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       103416                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    194257800                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     20910928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     20774696                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     74637288                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        66168                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     12403392                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.041703                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0       528338                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2        25551                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1       538539                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1       459181                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2       452102                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       223803                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3208                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       212251                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0      4226704                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       204408                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     38774808                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3673448                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3616816                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     16113816                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       230976                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1698008                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.008098                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0       113759                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2        25359                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1       122268                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1        75134                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::2        68707                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        24748                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3354                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        27341                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0       910072                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       202872                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8803296                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       601072                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       549656                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1781856                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       241488                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       218728                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.011465                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0       147134                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2        29109                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1       160834                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1       108840                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::2       105918                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        49285                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4005                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        37250                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0      1177072                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       232872                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11580048                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       870720                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       847344                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3548520                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       288360                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       298000                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.386457                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0      4945636                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2        60811                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5770481                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1      5287618                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2      3223564                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1334465                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        11486                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1827266                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0     39565088                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       486488                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    415474632                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     42300944                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     25788512                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     96081480                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       826992                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     14618128                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.027440                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0       345713                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1       530414                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1       511839                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5847                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0      2765704                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     38189808                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4094712                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46776                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.032299                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0       387529                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       634317                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       533299                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5783                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0      3100232                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     45670824                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4266392                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46264                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.027339                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0       344785                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       528316                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       511002                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5743                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0      2758280                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     38038752                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4088016                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45944                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.032200                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0       386420                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       632347                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       531879                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5728                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0      3091360                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     45528984                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4255032                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45824                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.001119                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22973                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23101                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1654056                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       184808                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.051867                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0      4945636                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::2        92946                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5819263                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::1      5316329                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2      3223564                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1334465                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        11486                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1850367                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0     39565088                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       743568                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    418986936                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     42530632                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     25788512                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     96081480                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       826992                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     14802936                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        14836908                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       246703                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     17457777                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     25619679                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      4037853                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      5551485                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        118695264                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      1973624                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   1256959944                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    204957432                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    290725416                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     44411880                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.260959                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        12927                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2687222                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2607419                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       103416                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    193479984                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     20859352                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.158499                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      2691958                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10803                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6447                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2596837                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1036629                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          919                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1550424                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     21535664                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       777816                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        51576                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     20774696                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     74637288                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        66168                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     12403392                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.050657                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        25551                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       526053                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       443391                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       204408                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     37875816                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3547128                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.032749                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       528338                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        12486                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        15790                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       452102                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       223803                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3208                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       212251                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      4226704                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       898992                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       126320                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3616816                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     16113816                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       230976                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1698008                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.010593                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        25359                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       111543                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        58803                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       202872                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8031096                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       470424                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.005603                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       113759                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10725                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        16331                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        68707                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        24748                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3354                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        27341                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       910072                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       772200                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       130648                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       549656                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1781856                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       241488                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       218728                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.013921                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        29109                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       145455                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        91745                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       232872                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10472760                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       733960                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.009009                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       147134                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        15379                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        17095                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       105918                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        49285                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4005                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        37250                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1177072                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1107288                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       136760                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       847344                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3548520                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       288360                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       298000                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.345877                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      3481189                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1488043                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1490069                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      3223564                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1334465                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        11486                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1827266                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     27849512                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    107139096                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     11920552                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     25788512                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     96081480                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       826992                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     14618128                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.427037                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1464447                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        60811                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      4282438                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3797549                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     11715576                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       486488                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    308335536                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     30380392                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.020716                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       345713                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       178886                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       166433                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5847                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2765704                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12879792                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1331464                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46776                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.034163                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       351528                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       345406                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     25310016                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2763248                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.026371                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       387529                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       241037                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       146103                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5783                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      3100232                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17354664                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1168824                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46264                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.038228                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       393280                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       387196                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28316160                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3097568                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.020614                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       344785                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       177820                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       166566                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5743                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2758280                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12803040                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1332528                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45944                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.034063                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       350496                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       344436                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     25235712                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2755488                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.026286                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       386420                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       240231                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       145800                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5728                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      3091360                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17296632                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1166400                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45824                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.038115                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       392116                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       386079                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28232352                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3088632                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002014                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22973                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1654056                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000225                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23101                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       184808                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.link_utilization     0.260959                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        12927                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2687222                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2607419                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       103416                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    193479984                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     20859352                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.link_utilization     0.050657                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2        25551                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1       526053                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1       443391                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       204408                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     37875816                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3547128                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.link_utilization     0.010593                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2        25359                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1       111543                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1        58803                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       202872                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8031096                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       470424                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.link_utilization     0.013921                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2        29109                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1       145455                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1        91745                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       232872                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10472760                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       733960                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.link_utilization     0.345877                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0      3481189                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1488043                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1490069                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2      3223564                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1334465                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        11486                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1827266                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0     27849512                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    107139096                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     11920552                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     25788512                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     96081480                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       826992                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     14618128                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.link_utilization     0.020716                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0       345713                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1       178886                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1       166433                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5847                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0      2765704                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12879792                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1331464                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46776                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.link_utilization     0.026371                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0       387529                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       241037                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       146103                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5783                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0      3100232                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17354664                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1168824                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46264                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.link_utilization     0.020614                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Control::0       344785                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       177820                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       166566                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5743                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Control::0      2758280                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12803040                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1332528                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45944                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.link_utilization     0.026286                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Control::0       386420                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       240231                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       145800                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5728                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Control::0      3091360                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17296632                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1166400                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45824                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.link_utilization     0.002014                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22973                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1654056                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle14.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      18281875                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.078566                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        2.736731                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    15821507     86.54%     86.54% |        2526      0.01%     86.56% |     2455038     13.43%     99.98% |         722      0.00%     99.99% |        1934      0.01%    100.00% |          49      0.00%    100.00% |          99      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        18281875                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      70905462                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.005967                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.211059                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    70854523     99.93%     99.93% |        5400      0.01%     99.94% |       45384      0.06%    100.00% |          69      0.00%    100.00% |          84      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        70905462                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       1182112                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000007                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.003679                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     1182108    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         1182112                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    735225444                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.619065                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.110595                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      7.961287                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   734492220     99.90%     99.90% |      649442      0.09%     99.99% |       31327      0.00%     99.99% |       32234      0.00%    100.00% |       14130      0.00%    100.00% |        5570      0.00%    100.00% |          52      0.00%    100.00% |         322      0.00%    100.00% |         116      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     735225444                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    693261358                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   693261358    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    693261358                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     41964086                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    11.846238                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.282734                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    31.615660                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    41230862     98.25%     98.25% |      649442      1.55%     99.80% |       31327      0.07%     99.88% |       32234      0.08%     99.95% |       14130      0.03%     99.99% |        5570      0.01%    100.00% |          52      0.00%    100.00% |         322      0.00%    100.00% |         116      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     41964086                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     91735018                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.745322                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.131796                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     17.052650                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    91675050     99.93%     99.93% |       46776      0.05%     99.99% |       12692      0.01%    100.00% |         349      0.00%    100.00% |         149      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      91735018                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     86874342                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    86874342    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     86874342                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      4860676                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.939275                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.345682                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    66.787707                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     4800708     98.77%     98.77% |       46776      0.96%     99.73% |       12692      0.26%     99.99% |         349      0.01%    100.00% |         149      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      4860676                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   3852881909                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.011541                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.002829                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.627031                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  3852860291    100.00%    100.00% |       19780      0.00%    100.00% |         885      0.00%    100.00% |         539      0.00%    100.00% |         287      0.00%    100.00% |         114      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   3852881909                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3847014878                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3847014878    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3847014878                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5867031                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     8.578840                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.393010                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    14.171868                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     5845413     99.63%     99.63% |       19780      0.34%     99.97% |         885      0.02%     99.98% |         539      0.01%     99.99% |         287      0.00%    100.00% |         114      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      5867031                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      3153817                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.580801                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.129725                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     6.009566                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     3151808     99.94%     99.94% |        1825      0.06%     99.99% |          74      0.00%    100.00% |          54      0.00%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      3153817                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2947570                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2947570    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      2947570                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       206247                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     9.881298                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.457001                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    21.875379                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      204238     99.03%     99.03% |        1825      0.88%     99.91% |          74      0.04%     99.95% |          54      0.03%     99.97% |          39      0.02%     99.99% |          15      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       206247                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       602490                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     3.894574                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.366446                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    16.940793                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      599413     99.49%     99.49% |        2758      0.46%     99.95% |         137      0.02%     99.97% |         119      0.02%     99.99% |          47      0.01%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       602490                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       527601                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      527601    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       527601                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        74889                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    24.287158                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    12.326971                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    42.825274                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       71812     95.89%     95.89% |        2758      3.68%     99.57% |         137      0.18%     99.76% |         119      0.16%     99.92% |          47      0.06%     99.98% |          15      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        74889                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       602490                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      602490    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       602490                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       602490                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      602490    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       602490                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      345713     23.61%     23.61% |      387529     26.46%     50.07% |      344785     23.54%     73.61% |      386420     26.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1464447                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      178886     21.35%     21.35% |      241037     28.76%     50.11% |      177820     21.22%     71.33% |      240231     28.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       837974                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      351441     23.63%     23.63% |      393224     26.44%     50.07% |      350446     23.56%     73.64% |      392068     26.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1487179                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      178918     21.35%     21.35% |      241069     28.76%     50.11% |      177852     21.22%     71.33% |      240263     28.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       838102                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |        5815     25.31%     25.31% |        5751     25.03%     50.35% |        5711     24.86%     75.21% |        5696     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        22973                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      166433     26.63%     26.63% |      146103     23.38%     50.01% |      166566     26.65%     76.67% |      145800     23.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       624902                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      345713     23.61%     23.61% |      387529     26.46%     50.07% |      344785     23.54%     73.61% |      386420     26.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1464447                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |        5728     25.20%     25.20% |        5695     25.05%     50.25% |        5661     24.90%     75.15% |        5648     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        22732                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |        5728     25.20%     25.20% |        5695     25.05%     50.25% |        5661     24.90%     75.15% |        5648     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total        22732                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      178799     21.34%     21.34% |      240981     28.77%     50.11% |      177770     21.22%     71.33% |      240183     28.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       837733                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          87     36.10%     36.10% |          56     23.24%     59.34% |          50     20.75%     80.08% |          48     19.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          241                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      166433     26.63%     26.63% |      146103     23.38%     50.01% |      166566     26.65%     76.67% |      145800     23.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       624902                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      345713     23.61%     23.61% |      387529     26.46%     50.07% |      344785     23.54%     73.61% |      386420     26.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1464447                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      178799     21.34%     21.34% |      240981     28.77%     50.11% |      177770     21.22%     71.33% |      240183     28.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       837733                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          87     36.10%     36.10% |          56     23.24%     59.34% |          50     20.75%     80.08% |          48     19.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total          241                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          87     36.10%     36.10% |          56     23.24%     59.34% |          50     20.75%     80.08% |          48     19.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          241                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       22973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        22973                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       22973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          22973                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total             128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       22973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        22973                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       22973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        22973                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |   354184736     93.51%     93.51% |    22260162      5.88%     99.39% |     1012482      0.27%     99.65% |     1309340      0.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total    378766720                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |  1864303542     94.30%     94.30% |   100166901      5.07%     99.37% |     5140130      0.26%     99.63% |     7308662      0.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1976919235                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |    39941354     73.32%     73.32% |    12666822     23.25%     96.57% |      777139      1.43%     98.00% |     1088860      2.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total     54474175                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |      344992     61.62%     61.62% |      100215     17.90%     79.52% |       58507     10.45%     89.97% |       56124     10.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total       559838                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |    22766063     79.23%     79.23% |     5050260     17.58%     96.80% |      397853      1.38%     98.19% |      520724      1.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total     28734900                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |      851476     52.36%     52.36% |      312395     19.21%     71.56% |      233220     14.34%     85.90% |      229258     14.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total      1626349                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |    22183947     80.86%     80.86% |     4766262     17.37%     98.23% |      178874      0.65%     98.88% |      306050      1.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total     27435133                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load    |    19560316     88.67%     88.67% |     2134084      9.67%     98.34% |      148389      0.67%     99.01% |      217760      0.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     22060549                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |     1214736     28.66%     28.66% |     2581165     60.90%     89.57% |      209814      4.95%     94.52% |      232385      5.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total      4238100                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store   |     2256403     81.94%     81.94% |      361428     13.13%     95.07% |       52006      1.89%     96.96% |       83765      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      2753602                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |       79611     32.83%     32.83% |       73774     30.42%     63.26% |       46164     19.04%     82.29% |       42935     17.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total       242484                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      981015     69.55%     69.55% |      184049     13.05%     82.60% |      110630      7.84%     90.44% |      134866      9.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      1410560                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    10047704     42.21%     42.21% |     6008550     25.24%     67.46% |     3985160     16.74%     84.20% |     3760529     15.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     23801943                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        3968     42.99%     42.99% |        1980     21.45%     64.44% |        1885     20.42%     84.86% |        1398     15.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         9231                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |       16045     44.48%     44.48% |        9223     25.57%     70.05% |        5549     15.38%     85.43% |        5256     14.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        36073                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |      831485     52.59%     52.59% |      301178     19.05%     71.64% |      225787     14.28%     85.92% |      222595     14.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total      1581045                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |   286087090     97.41%     97.41% |     7060978      2.40%     99.81% |      252700      0.09%     99.90% |      305153      0.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total    293705921                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |  1853041102     95.08%     95.08% |    91577186      4.70%     99.78% |      945156      0.05%     99.83% |     3315748      0.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total   1948879192                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |     3016714     90.05%     90.05% |      233597      6.97%     97.02% |       31358      0.94%     97.96% |       68331      2.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      3350000                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |      242387     91.81%     91.81% |       13116      4.97%     96.78% |        3795      1.44%     98.21% |        4716      1.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total       264014                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |    16664442     79.13%     79.13% |     4156186     19.74%     98.87% |       89822      0.43%     99.30% |      147860      0.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total     21058310                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    47556315     77.21%     77.21% |    12881051     20.91%     98.13% |      500763      0.81%     98.94% |      651561      1.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     61589690                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    34664269     71.68%     71.68% |    12069817     24.96%     96.64% |      691890      1.43%     98.07% |      935366      1.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     48361342                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        6949     40.25%     40.25% |        4102     23.76%     64.00% |        2998     17.36%     81.37% |        3217     18.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        17266                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |     5270136     86.46%     86.46% |      592896      9.73%     96.19% |       82244      1.35%     97.53% |      150269      2.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total      6095545                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data |      615660     49.91%     49.91% |      248870     20.18%     70.09% |      184509     14.96%     85.05% |      184451     14.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data::total      1233490                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive |      599076     19.94%     19.94% |     2332295     77.62%     97.56% |       25305      0.84%     98.40% |       47934      1.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive::total      3004610                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |      235816     60.03%     60.03% |       63525     16.17%     76.20% |       48711     12.40%     88.59% |       44807     11.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total       392859                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |    19324500     89.19%     89.19% |     2070559      9.56%     98.74% |       99678      0.46%     99.20% |      172953      0.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total     21667690                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |     2256403     81.94%     81.94% |      361428     13.13%     95.07% |       52007      1.89%     96.96% |       83765      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total      2753603                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |        3968     42.99%     42.99% |        1980     21.45%     64.44% |        1884     20.41%     84.85% |        1398     15.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total         9230                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    20775052     79.00%     79.00% |     4715249     17.93%     96.93% |      358203      1.36%     98.29% |      450145      1.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     26298649                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     2260371     81.81%     81.81% |      363408     13.15%     94.97% |       53892      1.95%     96.92% |       85163      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      2762834                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |    21934578     80.78%     80.78% |     4749082     17.49%     98.27% |      172066      0.63%     98.90% |      298129      1.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total     27153855                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |        6949     40.25%     40.25% |        4102     23.76%     64.00% |        2998     17.36%     81.37% |        3217     18.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total        17266                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        7366     10.97%     10.97% |       18998     28.29%     39.26% |       19685     29.32%     68.58% |       21100     31.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        67149                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |      686850     65.62%     65.62% |      176128     16.83%     82.44% |       92044      8.79%     91.23% |       91758      8.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      1046780                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |        3135      4.30%      4.30% |       24302     33.34%     37.64% |       24970     34.25%     71.89% |       20490     28.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        72897                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     2684090     78.46%     78.46% |      511728     14.96%     93.42% |       95571      2.79%     96.21% |      129515      3.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      3420904                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         319     14.49%     14.49% |         620     28.17%     42.66% |         623     28.31%     70.97% |         639     29.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         2201                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        5242     22.22%     22.22% |        5933     25.14%     47.36% |        5051     21.41%     68.77% |        7370     31.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        23596                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        1431     40.10%     40.10% |         842     23.59%     63.69% |         616     17.26%     80.95% |         680     19.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         3569                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |     2056170     81.63%     81.63% |      345309     13.71%     95.34% |       43185      1.71%     97.05% |       74276      2.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      2518940                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        2823     11.96%     11.96% |        6586     27.91%     39.88% |        6987     29.61%     69.49% |        7200     30.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        23596                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      626798     67.82%     67.82% |      173316     18.75%     86.58% |       60755      6.57%     93.15% |       63299      6.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       924168                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |      338043     62.30%     62.30% |       96113     17.71%     80.02% |       55509     10.23%     90.25% |       52907      9.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total       542572                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       14199     56.48%     56.48% |        4210     16.74%     73.22% |        3882     15.44%     88.66% |        2851     11.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        25142                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        6167     42.58%     42.58% |        3127     21.59%     64.16% |        2832     19.55%     83.71% |        2359     16.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        14485                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     2587053     81.82%     81.82% |      436054     13.79%     95.62% |       52089      1.65%     97.26% |       86535      2.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      3161731                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |     2154114     76.93%     76.93% |      428131     15.29%     92.22% |       95224      3.40%     95.62% |      122692      4.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      2800161                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |      533108     79.56%     79.56% |       97922     14.61%     94.17% |       16319      2.44%     96.60% |       22763      3.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       670112                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |        4674     23.33%     23.33% |        5147     25.69%     49.02% |        4459     22.26%     71.28% |        5753     28.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total        20033                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      751910     56.22%     56.22% |      226949     16.97%     73.18% |      179292     13.40%     86.59% |      179393     13.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      1337544                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        4129     40.94%     40.94% |        2243     22.24%     63.18% |        2165     21.47%     84.64% |        1549     15.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        10086                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |       94900     37.47%     37.47% |       74360     29.36%     66.84% |       42389     16.74%     83.58% |       41590     16.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       253239                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |         756      2.99%      2.99% |        8637     34.11%     37.10% |        9325     36.83%     73.93% |        6601     26.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        25319                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |        1622     21.39%     21.39% |        2624     34.60%     55.99% |        1889     24.91%     80.89% |        1449     19.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total         7584                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |         607     73.13%     73.13% |          42      5.06%     78.19% |          51      6.14%     84.34% |         130     15.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total          830                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |        1733      4.98%      4.98% |       10487     30.14%     35.12% |       11552     33.20%     68.33% |       11019     31.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total        34791                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |       97037     37.44%     37.44% |       75674     29.20%     66.64% |       43482     16.78%     83.42% |       42980     16.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total       259173                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |     1867733     80.57%     80.57% |      338036     14.58%     95.15% |       40829      1.76%     96.92% |       71509      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total      2318107                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |      188239     95.53%     95.53% |        6116      3.10%     98.63% |        1342      0.68%     99.32% |        1349      0.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       197046                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |         185      4.85%      4.85% |        1188     31.15%     36.00% |        1007     26.40%     62.40% |        1434     37.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         3814                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv    |          40      4.77%      4.77% |         156     18.59%     23.36% |         320     38.14%     61.50% |         323     38.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv::total          839                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |      188073     95.71%     95.71% |        5890      3.00%     98.71% |        1277      0.65%     99.36% |        1255      0.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total       196495                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           5     50.00%     50.00% |           1     10.00%     60.00% |           1     10.00%     70.00% |           3     30.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |         115      4.55%      4.55% |         909     35.94%     40.49% |         550     21.75%     62.24% |         955     37.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total         2529                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |    20066845     80.80%     80.80% |     4411046     17.76%     98.56% |      131237      0.53%     99.09% |      226620      0.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total     24835748                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |       60286     82.46%     82.46% |        7588     10.38%     92.84% |        2291      3.13%     95.98% |        2940      4.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        73105                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |         626      8.56%      8.56% |        2326     31.80%     40.36% |        2153     29.43%     69.79% |        2210     30.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         7315                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |    17867406     80.65%     80.65% |     4057545     18.32%     98.97% |       81798      0.37%     99.34% |      146611      0.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     22153360                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |     1722527     82.74%     82.74% |      263201     12.64%     95.38% |       35356      1.70%     97.08% |       60721      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total      2081805                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |         919      8.00%      8.00% |        3208     27.93%     35.93% |        3354     29.20%     65.13% |        4005     34.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total        11486                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |     2398980     80.90%     80.90% |      430164     14.51%     95.41% |       50812      1.71%     97.12% |       85280      2.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      2965236                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         314     14.33%     14.33% |         619     28.25%     42.58% |         622     28.39%     70.97% |         636     29.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         2191                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        5127     24.34%     24.34% |        5024     23.85%     48.18% |        4501     21.37%     69.55% |        6415     30.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        21067                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |     2056170     81.63%     81.63% |      345309     13.71%     95.34% |       43185      1.71%     97.05% |       74276      2.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      2518940                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        2823     11.96%     11.96% |        6586     27.91%     39.88% |        6987     29.61%     69.49% |        7200     30.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        23596                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       95121     36.92%     36.92% |       76236     29.59%     66.51% |       45052     17.49%     84.00% |       41216     16.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       257625                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        1431     40.10%     40.10% |         842     23.59%     63.69% |         616     17.26%     80.95% |         680     19.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         3569                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      531677     79.77%     79.77% |       97080     14.56%     94.33% |       15703      2.36%     96.69% |       22083      3.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       666543                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |       14199     56.48%     56.48% |        4210     16.74%     73.22% |        3882     15.44%     88.66% |        2851     11.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        25142                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        6167     42.58%     42.58% |        3127     21.59%     64.16% |        2832     19.55%     83.71% |        2359     16.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total        14485                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     2587053     81.82%     81.82% |      436054     13.79%     95.62% |       52089      1.65%     97.26% |       86535      2.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      3161731                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.Store |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.Store::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       94900     37.47%     37.47% |       74360     29.36%     66.84% |       42389     16.74%     83.58% |       41590     16.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       253239                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         757      2.99%      2.99% |        8637     34.11%     37.10% |        9325     36.83%     73.93% |        6601     26.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        25320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |       95656     34.34%     34.34% |       82997     29.80%     64.13% |       51714     18.56%     82.70% |       48191     17.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total       278558                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |         191     19.35%     19.35% |         348     35.26%     54.61% |         201     20.36%     74.97% |         247     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total          987                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |      188239     95.53%     95.53% |        6116      3.10%     98.63% |        1342      0.68%     99.32% |        1349      0.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       197046                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         185      4.85%      4.85% |        1188     31.15%     36.00% |        1007     26.40%     62.40% |        1434     37.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         3814                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |      188233     94.18%     94.18% |        6956      3.48%     97.66% |        2148      1.07%     98.73% |        2536      1.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total       199873                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |        6758     41.51%     41.51% |        3754     23.06%     64.57% |        2797     17.18%     81.76% |        2970     18.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total        16279                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       60286     82.46%     82.46% |        7588     10.38%     92.84% |        2291      3.13%     95.98% |        2940      4.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        73105                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         626      8.56%      8.56% |        2326     31.80%     40.36% |        2153     29.43%     69.79% |        2210     30.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         7315                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |       54154     84.43%     84.43% |        6160      9.60%     94.03% |        1647      2.57%     96.60% |        2180      3.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total        64141                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        2800214      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         670116      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE        10916      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        3161731      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement       831924      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean       630711      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       1464447      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        1462876      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          16302      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean        18780      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              17909      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all           9043      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          23596      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      3199968      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv            482      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS       956024      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX       508423      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       257601      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         3569      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE        10916      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          587      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean         7617      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      1562928      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       155919      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       829687      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean       612484      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv          176      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        23596      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         2201      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      3161731      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         1650      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        10610      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv           65      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      1462876      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv          176      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data         1370      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean          292      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all           53      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv           65      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data         5809      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean         4015      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all          786      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          17158      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all         7617      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            751      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          587      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS           12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data       956012      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data           12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data       508423      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           36      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        14485      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      3185483      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         9113      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean        14446      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           37      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data           10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean           27      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        23559      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
