
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.607106                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3607106296500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               54845784750001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 135370                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   230542                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              241642341                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1868504                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14927.46                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2020736735                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3441405637                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       354112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            354112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0       108096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         108096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0         5533                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               5533                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0         1689                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1689                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0        98171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total                98171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0        29968                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total               29968                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0       128138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total              128138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                       5533                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      1689                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                     5533                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    1689                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                351232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   2880                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 107328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                 354112                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              108096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    45                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0              552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1              402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2              422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3              328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4              341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5              473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6              320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7              323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8              372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9              194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10             217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11             332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12             250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13             269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14             265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15             428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2               34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3               29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4               52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5               90                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6               39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7               60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9              111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10              34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11              98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14             128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15             126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 3607101808500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                 5533                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                1689                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                   5480                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                   101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                   105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples         2807                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   163.363021                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   104.668782                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   220.838289                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1803     64.23%     64.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255          554     19.74%     83.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          151      5.38%     89.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511           75      2.67%     92.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639           39      1.39%     93.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767           30      1.07%     94.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           33      1.18%     95.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           32      1.14%     96.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           90      3.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total         2807                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples           98                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     95.408163                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   419.548575                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           94     95.92%     95.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2      2.04%     97.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      1.02%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      1.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total           98                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples           98                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.112245                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.063026                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.330705                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16              53     54.08%     54.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18              31     31.63%     85.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              12     12.24%     97.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      1.02%     98.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      1.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total           98                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                    58858500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              161758500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                  27440000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    10724.95                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               29474.95                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     27.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                    3319                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   1039                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                60.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               61.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                 499460233.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   60.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                16911720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                 9227625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy               38048400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy               4730400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        235826900400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         81132187185                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        2095192122000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2412220127730                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           668.093763                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3483773378000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 120449160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2882354500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                16148160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                 8811000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy               34905000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy               6136560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        235826900400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         80843923080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        2095444985250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2412181809450                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           668.083150                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3484322735750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 120449160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2332996750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       307392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            307392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1        95424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total          95424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1         4803                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               4803                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1         1491                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              1491                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1        85218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total                85218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1        26454                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total               26454                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1       111673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total              111673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                       4803                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      1491                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                     4803                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    1491                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                305600                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1792                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                  94848                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                 307392                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys               95424                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    28                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0              460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1              333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2              389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3              311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4              319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5              425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6              290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7              271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8              295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9              148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10             211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11             318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12             230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13             218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14             207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15             350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2               29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3               30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4               51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5               82                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6               31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7               43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8              123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9               97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10              31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11              90                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14             123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15             101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 3607106367500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                 4803                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                1491                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                   4763                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                     12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples         2320                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   172.606897                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   107.359007                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   235.801637                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1469     63.32%     63.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255          462     19.91%     83.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          118      5.09%     88.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511           67      2.89%     91.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639           23      0.99%     92.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767           31      1.34%     93.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           29      1.25%     94.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           35      1.51%     96.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           86      3.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total         2320                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples           86                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean    100.581395                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   449.723300                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           82     95.35%     95.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2      2.33%     97.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      1.16%     98.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      1.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total           86                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples           86                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.232558                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.188596                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.243093                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16              41     47.67%     47.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18              30     34.88%     82.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              14     16.28%     98.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      1.16%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total           86                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                    45519000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              135050250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                  23875000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     9532.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               28282.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.08                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                    2960                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                    977                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                61.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               65.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                 573102378.06                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   62.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                15218280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                 8303625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy               35131200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy               4134240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        235826900400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         81110835270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        2095210851750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2412211374765                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           668.091339                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3483839159250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 120449160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2818048250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                14356440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                 7833375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy               32354400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy               5469120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        235826900400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         80743394745                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        2095533168000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2412163476480                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           668.078073                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3484543823000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 120449160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2111909500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2       299648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total            299648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2        92352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total          92352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2         4682                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total               4682                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2         1443                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total              1443                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2        83072                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total                83072                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2        25603                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total               25603                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2       108674                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total              108674                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                       4682                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                      1443                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                     4682                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                    1443                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                297728                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1920                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                  91136                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                 299648                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys               92352                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    30                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0              469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1              306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2              371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3              314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4              321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5              416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6              270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7              254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8              281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9              147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10             185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11             300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12             251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13             209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14             205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15             353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0              214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1              141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3               27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4               48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5               80                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6               28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7               41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8              123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9               95                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10              20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11              83                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12             122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13             159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14             118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15             109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 3607106064500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                 4682                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                1443                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                   4643                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples         2157                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   180.309689                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.732640                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   243.813976                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1328     61.57%     61.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255          451     20.91%     82.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383          112      5.19%     87.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511           43      1.99%     89.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639           39      1.81%     91.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767           34      1.58%     93.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895           32      1.48%     94.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           29      1.34%     95.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           89      4.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total         2157                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples           83                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean    102.614458                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   457.258662                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           79     95.18%     95.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      3.61%     98.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      1.20%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total           83                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples           83                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.156627                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.112682                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.244323                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16              42     50.60%     50.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      1.20%     51.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18              26     31.33%     83.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19              13     15.66%     98.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      1.20%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total           83                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                    44618250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              131843250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                  23260000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                     9591.20                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               28341.20                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.08                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                    2950                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                    969                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                63.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               67.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                 588915275.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   64.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                14447160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                 7882875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy               34499400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy               3855600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        235826900400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy         81072578295                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        2095244410500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          2412204574230                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           668.089455                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3483890807000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF 120449160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2767543000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                13940640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                 7606500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy               31948800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy               5371920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        235826900400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy         80674118370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        2095593936750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          2412153823380                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           668.075399                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3484559720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF 120449160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2096012500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3       298176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            298176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3        85376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total          85376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3         4659                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total               4659                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3         1334                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total              1334                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3        82663                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total                82663                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3        23669                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total               23669                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3       106332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total              106332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                       4659                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                      1334                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                     4659                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                    1334                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                296576                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   1600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                  84672                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                 298176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys               85376                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    25                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0              477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1              325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2              363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3              312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4              312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5              398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6              254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7              267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8              276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9              134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10             195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11             302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12             245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13             212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14             200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15             362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0              220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1              133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2               10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5               62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6               27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7               43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8              101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9               81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10              23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11              76                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12             111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13             161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14             117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15             101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 3607109297000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                 4659                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                1334                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                   4628                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                    51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples         2070                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   184.146860                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.298601                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   247.270528                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1270     61.35%     61.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255          413     19.95%     81.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383          116      5.60%     86.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511           53      2.56%     89.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639           37      1.79%     91.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767           27      1.30%     92.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895           38      1.84%     94.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           26      1.26%     95.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           90      4.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total         2070                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples           76                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean    111.236842                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   474.717175                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           72     94.74%     94.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2      2.63%     97.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      1.32%     98.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      1.32%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total           76                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples           76                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.407895                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.363142                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.256213                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16              31     40.79%     40.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18              30     39.47%     80.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19              13     17.11%     97.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20               2      2.63%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total           76                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                    41962750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              128850250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                  23170000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                     9055.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               27805.41                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.08                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                    2948                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                    938                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                63.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               70.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                 601887084.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   65.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                13857480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                 7561125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy               34070400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy               3576960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        235826900400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy         81109906740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        2095211666250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          2412207539355                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           668.090276                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3483849214000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF 120449160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2809103000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                13502160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                 7367250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy               31902000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy               4996080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        235826900400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy         80645355315                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        2095619159250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          2412149182455                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           668.074116                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3484612416750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF 120449160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2043302000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      7215940064                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   19525790                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     34619476                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             29219837                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses               8399337                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     612885                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      2056828                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    29219837                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                      8399337                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           56407864                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          22246736                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            14064330                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes            7474281                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            14169630                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           10448426                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      7748395                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    5753650                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   1994745                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              7143432389.916567                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              72507674.083433                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.010048                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.989952                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          2825723                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               120985      0.35%      0.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 22880163     66.09%     66.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  213714      0.62%     67.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    38055      0.11%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                3618219     10.45%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 5753650     16.62%     94.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                1994745      5.76%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  34619531                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      7215215216                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                 1994019052                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   3391967013                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           2756628589                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses            1010088517                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   49907639                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts    199772807                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  2756628589                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                   1010088517                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         5216421849                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        2051839516                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads          1701898740                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          899765659                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads          1288192028                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes         1039074956                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    738024010                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  571677512                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                 166346498                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              64126003.920101                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              7151089212.079899                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.991112                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.008888                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        261084650                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1505723      0.04%      0.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu               2188568039     64.52%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                24039770      0.71%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   210259      0.01%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              439619365     12.96%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               571677512     16.85%     95.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite              166346498      4.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                3391967166                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      7212436426                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    2584165                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      5570051                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              5447425                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     152935                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       393333                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     5447425                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           11064889                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           4521578                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             3143427                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1655621                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1324897                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     825338                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    499559                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              7201666446.267602                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              10769979.732398                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.001493                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.998507                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           595759                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               104390      1.87%      1.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  4092705     73.48%     75.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   11335      0.20%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    36730      0.66%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  825338     14.82%     91.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 499559      8.97%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   5570057                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      7218790709                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    3226613                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      6700928                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              6571836                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1952                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     172513                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       491132                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     6571836                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         1952                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           13345392                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           5418239                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                3276                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               1552                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             3747794                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            2059606                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1583370                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     982285                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    601085                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              7204763042.735863                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              14027666.264138                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.001943                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.998057                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           721657                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               102023      1.52%      1.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  4963182     74.07%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   15021      0.22%     75.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    35965      0.54%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   1456      0.02%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  982285     14.66%     91.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 601085      8.97%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   6701017                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  111                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 111                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3737                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3737                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                16                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               16                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1824                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1840                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    7728                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           66                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3754                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3660                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3695                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3662                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           87                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3789                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    14928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               161500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                19997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              112000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             2294994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             2167981                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             2279499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             2287498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               11496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1457000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1395500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1382000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1562000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           45                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       184320                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           45                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               13936137                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.738533                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 2.314625                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    12651588     90.78%     90.78% |         835      0.01%     90.79% |     1283563      9.21%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |          97      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 13936137                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   3588743105                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000255                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3588742871    100.00%    100.00% |         234      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   3588743105                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     3588743105                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.019246                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.003128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         0.662698                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  3588735708    100.00%    100.00% |        6950      0.00%    100.00% |         134      0.00%    100.00% |         117      0.00%    100.00% |         145      0.00%    100.00% |          49      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       3588743105                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3584899445                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3584899445    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3584899445                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3843660                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    18.969894                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.468670                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     9.352634                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     3836263     99.81%     99.81% |        6950      0.18%     99.99% |         134      0.00%     99.99% |         117      0.00%     99.99% |         145      0.00%    100.00% |          49      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3843660                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      7699759                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        49706                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      7749465                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits     27203416                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        58843                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses     27262259                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits    735607631                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      2419936                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    738027567                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits   2803893675                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses      1182299                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses   2805075974                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1297794                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        26394                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1324188                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      3405722                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        28707                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3434429                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1546635                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38281                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1584916                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      4244813                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        39494                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4284307                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      3802456                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        41204                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      3843660                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.005056                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::0       108549                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20701                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::1       119560                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::1        65299                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2        39905                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        15218                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           78                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10944                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::0       868392                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       165608                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8608320                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       522392                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       319240                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1095696                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         5616                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        87552                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.179639                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::0      3602235                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7115                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3602311                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1984349                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1975541                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1234954                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       733386                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::0     28817880                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        56920                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    259366392                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     15874792                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     15804328                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     88916688                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1368                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      5867088                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.002573                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::0        55101                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21134                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::1        65061                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::1        28766                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2        15327                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3822                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           81                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1346                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::0       440808                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       169072                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4684392                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       230128                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       122616                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       275184                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         5832                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        10768                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.003493                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::0        77775                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::2        18712                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::1        83664                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::1        40231                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2        26497                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         9468                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           38                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6190                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::0       622200                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       149696                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6023808                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       321848                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       211976                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       681696                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         2736                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        49520                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.189867                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0      3863250                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2        42130                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3850985                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2043229                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2057270                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1263462                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       751866                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0     30906000                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       337040                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    277270920                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     16345832                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     16458160                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     90969264                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15552                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      6014928                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.000246                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0         5503                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1         6745                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3334                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          755                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0        44024                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       485640                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        26672                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6040                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.000212                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0         4778                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5815                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2455                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          747                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0        38224                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       418680                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        19640                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5976                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.000205                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0         4666                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5641                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2329                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          736                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0        37328                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       406152                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        18632                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5888                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.000201                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0         4643                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5510                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2232                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          736                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0        37144                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       396720                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        17856                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5888                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.000023                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2974                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        23792                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.034691                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0      3863250                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2        67662                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3872693                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2086112                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2057270                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1263462                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       754840                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0     30906000                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       541296                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    278833896                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     16688896                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     16458160                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     90969264                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15552                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      6038720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        11589750                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       177454                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     11618079                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     12430146                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      3791034                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      2273160                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         92718000                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      1419632                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    836501688                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control     99441168                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    272954448                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     18185280                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006824                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20701                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       101061                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        54308                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       165608                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7276392                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       434464                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003289                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       108549                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        18499                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        10991                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        39905                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        15218                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           78                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10944                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       868392                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1331928                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        87928                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       319240                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1095696                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         5616                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        87552                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.238318                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7115                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3599979                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1978612                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        56920                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    259198488                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     15828896                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.120960                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      3602235                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         2332                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         5737                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1975541                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1234954                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       733386                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     28817880                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       167904                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        45896                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     15804328                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     88916688                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1368                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      5867088                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003563                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21134                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        53250                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        13732                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       169072                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3834000                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       109856                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001582                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        55101                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11811                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        15034                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        15327                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3822                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           81                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1346                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       440808                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       850392                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       120272                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       122616                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       275184                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         5832                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        10768                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004975                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        18712                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        74768                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        26161                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       149696                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5383296                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       209288                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002011                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        77775                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         8896                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        14070                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        26497                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         9468                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           38                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6190                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       622200                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       640512                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       112560                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       211976                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       681696                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         2736                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        49520                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.127472                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      3843660                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        39514                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        10616                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2057270                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1263462                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       751866                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     30749280                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2845008                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        84928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     16458160                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     90969264                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15552                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      6014928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.252263                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        19590                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        42130                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3811471                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2032613                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       156720                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       337040                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    274425912                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     16260904                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000125                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         5503                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1207                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          942                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          755                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        44024                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        86904                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         7536                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6040                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000367                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5538                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2392                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       398736                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        19136                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000105                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         4778                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1010                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          602                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          747                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        38224                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        72720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         4816                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5976                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000318                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4805                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1853                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       345960                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        14824                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000101                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         4666                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1          959                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          567                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          736                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        37328                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        69048                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         4536                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5888                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000309                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4682                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1762                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       337104                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        14096                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000094                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         4643                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1          851                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          572                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          736                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        37144                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        61272                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         4576                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5888                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000307                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4659                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1660                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       335448                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        13280                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000026                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000021                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2974                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        23792                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006824                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20701                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       101061                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        54308                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       165608                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7276392                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       434464                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.238318                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7115                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3599979                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1978612                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        56920                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    259198488                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     15828896                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.link_utilization     0.003563                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21134                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::1        53250                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::1        13732                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       169072                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3834000                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       109856                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.link_utilization     0.004975                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        18712                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::1        74768                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::1        26161                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       149696                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5383296                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       209288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.link_utilization     0.127472                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0      3843660                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1        39514                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1        10616                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2057270                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1263462                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       751866                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0     30749280                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2845008                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        84928                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     16458160                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     90969264                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15552                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      6014928                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.link_utilization     0.000125                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Control::0         5503                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1207                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1          942                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          755                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::0        44024                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        86904                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         7536                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6040                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.link_utilization     0.000105                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Control::0         4778                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1010                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1          602                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          747                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::0        38224                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        72720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         4816                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5976                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.link_utilization     0.000101                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Control::0         4666                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1          959                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1          567                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          736                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Control::0        37328                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        69048                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         4536                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5888                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.link_utilization     0.000094                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0         4643                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1          851                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1          572                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          736                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0        37144                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        61272                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         4576                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5888                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.link_utilization     0.000026                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle10.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       7916258                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.277393                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        2.931005                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     6652507     84.04%     84.04% |         172      0.00%     84.04% |     1263430     15.96%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |          96      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         7916258                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       5952217                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.030261                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.473463                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     5923668     99.52%     99.52% |        7751      0.13%     99.65% |         256      0.00%     99.65% |         407      0.01%     99.66% |       20103      0.34%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         5952217                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         67662                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000089                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.013317                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       67659    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           67662                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    573307796                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.050257                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.007912                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.069236                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   573304225    100.00%    100.00% |        3420      0.00%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     573307796                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    571787516                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   571787516    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    571787516                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1520280                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    19.952280                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.532453                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.537965                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1516709     99.77%     99.77% |        3420      0.22%     99.99% |          47      0.00%     99.99% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1520280                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    169307131                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.109234                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.017289                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.742178                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   169304918    100.00%    100.00% |        1989      0.00%    100.00% |          60      0.00%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |          88      0.00%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     169307131                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    168316929                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   168316929    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    168316929                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       990202                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    19.677103                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.743105                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    13.121329                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      987989     99.78%     99.78% |        1989      0.20%     99.98% |          60      0.01%     99.98% |          47      0.00%     99.99% |          88      0.01%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       990202                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   2840056969                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.007486                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001309                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.371213                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  2840055477    100.00%    100.00% |        1421      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   2840056969                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2838747626                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2838747626    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2838747626                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1309343                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    17.237170                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.068968                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     5.947442                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     1307851     99.89%     99.89% |        1421      0.11%     99.99% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1309343                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      5809255                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.062239                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.009420                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.209727                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     5809180    100.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      5809255                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5791214                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5791214    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      5791214                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        18041                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    21.041018                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    20.472340                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.416683                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       17966     99.58%     99.58% |          18      0.10%     99.68% |          56      0.31%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        18041                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       130977                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.081862                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.151602                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     5.803434                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      130893     99.94%     99.94% |           5      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |          15      0.01%     99.95% |          53      0.04%     99.99% |          11      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       130977                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       125183                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      125183    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       125183                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5794                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    25.456162                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    24.309772                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    13.774449                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        5710     98.55%     98.55% |           5      0.09%     98.64% |           0      0.00%     98.64% |          15      0.26%     98.90% |          53      0.91%     99.81% |          11      0.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         5794                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       130977                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      130977    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       130977                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       130977                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      130977    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       130977                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |        5503     28.09%     28.09% |        4778     24.39%     52.48% |        4666     23.82%     76.30% |        4643     23.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total        19590                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |        1207     29.97%     29.97% |        1010     25.08%     55.05% |         959     23.81%     78.87% |         851     21.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total         4027                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |        5533     28.12%     28.12% |        4803     24.41%     52.53% |        4682     23.79%     76.32% |        4659     23.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total        19677                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |        1689     28.35%     28.35% |        1491     25.03%     53.38% |        1443     24.22%     77.61% |        1334     22.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total         5957                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          35     37.23%     37.23% |          27     28.72%     65.96% |          16     17.02%     82.98% |          16     17.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           94                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         720     25.00%     25.00% |         720     25.00%     50.00% |         720     25.00%     75.00% |         720     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2880                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |         942     35.11%     35.11% |         602     22.44%     57.55% |         567     21.13%     78.68% |         572     21.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total         2683                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |        5503     28.09%     28.09% |        4778     24.39%     52.48% |        4666     23.82%     76.30% |        4643     23.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total        19590                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          30     34.48%     34.48% |          25     28.74%     63.22% |          16     18.39%     81.61% |          16     18.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           87                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         482     24.97%     24.97% |         481     24.92%     49.90% |         484     25.08%     74.97% |         483     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         1930                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          30     34.48%     34.48% |          25     28.74%     63.22% |          16     18.39%     81.61% |          16     18.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           87                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         482     24.97%     24.97% |         481     24.92%     49.90% |         484     25.08%     74.97% |         483     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         1930                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |         964     31.40%     31.40% |         769     25.05%     56.45% |         723     23.55%     80.00% |         614     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total         3070                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           5     71.43%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         238     25.05%     25.05% |         239     25.16%     50.21% |         236     24.84%     75.05% |         237     24.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          950                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |         942     35.11%     35.11% |         602     22.44%     57.55% |         567     21.13%     78.68% |         572     21.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total         2683                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |        5503     28.09%     28.09% |        4778     24.39%     52.48% |        4666     23.82%     76.30% |        4643     23.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total        19590                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |         964     31.40%     31.40% |         769     25.05%     56.45% |         723     23.55%     80.00% |         614     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total         3070                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |           5     71.43%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           5     71.43%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         238     25.05%     25.05% |         239     25.16%     50.21% |         236     24.84%     75.05% |         237     24.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          950                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         238     25.05%     25.05% |         239     25.16%     50.21% |         236     24.84%     75.05% |         237     24.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          950                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2880                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5628750      0.98%      0.98% |   565994101     98.72%     99.71% |      765963      0.13%     99.84% |      918982      0.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    573307796                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    27262259      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072219660288    100.00%    100.00% |     3434429      0.00%    100.00% |     4284307      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072254642176                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     2120715      1.21%      1.21% |   172033466     98.09%     99.30% |      558225      0.32%     99.62% |      665934      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total    175378340                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       11069     24.04%     24.04% |        5756     12.50%     36.54% |       15115     32.82%     69.36% |       14108     30.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        46048                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      100071      2.62%      2.62% |     3597396     94.34%     96.96% |       46987      1.23%     98.20% |       68781      1.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      3813235                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         765     45.27%     45.27% |         386     22.84%     68.11% |         227     13.43%     81.54% |         312     18.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         1690                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        8867     44.50%     44.50% |         973      4.88%     49.39% |        5792     29.07%     78.46% |        4292     21.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        19924                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |         893     21.30%     21.30% |         727     17.34%     38.64% |        1637     39.04%     77.68% |         936     22.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         4193                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       15574      1.52%      1.52% |      991776     96.92%     98.44% |        5614      0.55%     98.99% |       10346      1.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      1023310                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        4299     21.58%     21.58% |        5288     26.54%     48.12% |        4513     22.65%     70.77% |        5824     29.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        19924                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       80295      2.89%      2.89% |     2602188     93.55%     96.44% |       41486      1.49%     97.93% |       57662      2.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      2781631                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       19765     51.09%     51.09% |        7289     18.84%     69.93% |        5076     13.12%     83.04% |        6560     16.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        38690                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        8381     44.59%     44.59% |        2983     15.87%     60.46% |        3488     18.56%     79.02% |        3943     20.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        18795                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       26162      1.30%      1.30% |     1968340     97.67%     98.97% |        5168      0.26%     99.22% |       15658      0.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2015328                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       28756      1.91%      1.91% |     1439082     95.60%     97.51% |       14964      0.99%     98.50% |       22586      1.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      1505388                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |       58838      4.49%      4.49% |     1182297     90.30%     94.79% |       28705      2.19%     96.98% |       39492      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total      1309332                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |       12477      1.25%      1.25% |      976167     97.69%     98.94% |        3318      0.33%     99.27% |        7284      0.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       999246                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |        4571     30.07%     30.07% |        2911     19.15%     49.21% |        4142     27.24%     76.46% |        3579     23.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        15203                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         918      6.16%      6.16% |        2376     15.95%     22.12% |        6230     41.83%     63.95% |        5368     36.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        14892                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |           5     45.45%     45.45% |           2     18.18%     63.64% |           2     18.18%     81.82% |           2     18.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          67     35.45%     35.45% |          55     29.10%     64.55% |          31     16.40%     80.95% |          36     19.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          189                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        6153     35.77%     35.77% |        1058      6.15%     41.92% |        4646     27.01%     68.93% |        5344     31.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        17201                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      355243      0.29%      0.29% |   121741587     99.42%     99.71% |      166048      0.14%     99.85% |      188179      0.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total    122451057                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    27203416      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072218478592    100.00%    100.00% |     3405722      0.00%    100.00% |     4244813      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total 18446744072253333504                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        7488     51.28%     51.28% |        2256     15.45%     66.73% |        1851     12.68%     79.41% |        3007     20.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        14602                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        6397     20.97%     20.97% |        2784      9.13%     30.10% |       10855     35.59%     65.68% |       10468     34.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        30504                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       67756      3.81%      3.81% |     1627998     91.42%     95.23% |       37173      2.09%     97.32% |       47779      2.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      1780706                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1857225      1.77%      1.77% |   103145306     98.05%     99.82% |       72877      0.07%     99.89% |      116409      0.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total    105191817                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |        2301      0.88%      0.88% |      257900     98.14%     99.01% |         689      0.26%     99.28% |        1902      0.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       262792                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |          23     18.40%     18.40% |          42     33.60%     52.00% |          37     29.60%     81.60% |          23     18.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total          125                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |       10944      1.46%      1.46% |      733386     97.54%     99.00% |        1346      0.18%     99.18% |        6190      0.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       751866                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |          70     18.62%     18.62% |         104     27.66%     46.28% |          77     20.48%     66.76% |         125     33.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total          376                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |        2186     26.50%     26.50% |          79      0.96%     27.45% |        3846     46.62%     74.07% |        2139     25.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         8250                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     3386608      0.98%      0.98% |   339665750     98.70%     99.68% |      505844      0.15%     99.83% |      586440      0.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    344144642                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     2098382      1.21%      1.21% |   170797088     98.10%     99.31% |      552336      0.32%     99.62% |      653705      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total    174101511                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |          78     36.11%     36.11% |          19      8.80%     44.91% |          81     37.50%     82.41% |          38     17.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          216                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |       15218      1.20%      1.20% |     1234954     97.74%     98.95% |        3822      0.30%     99.25% |        9468      0.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1263462                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         695     52.89%     52.89% |         282     21.46%     74.35% |         150     11.42%     85.77% |         187     14.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         1314                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        6681     57.23%     57.23% |         894      7.66%     64.89% |        1946     16.67%     81.56% |        2153     18.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total        11674                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       15574      1.52%      1.52% |      991776     96.92%     98.44% |        5614      0.55%     98.99% |       10346      1.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      1023310                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        4299     21.58%     21.58% |        5288     26.54%     48.12% |        4513     22.65%     70.77% |        5824     29.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        19924                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       68644      3.84%      3.84% |     1626693     91.06%     94.90% |       39774      2.23%     97.13% |       51278      2.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total      1786389                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |         893     21.30%     21.30% |         727     17.34%     38.64% |        1637     39.04%     77.68% |         936     22.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         4193                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       11651      1.17%      1.17% |      975495     98.02%     99.19% |        1712      0.17%     99.36% |        6384      0.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       995242                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |       19765     51.09%     51.09% |        7289     18.84%     69.93% |        5076     13.12%     83.04% |        6560     16.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        38690                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        8381     44.59%     44.59% |        2983     15.87%     60.46% |        3488     18.56%     79.02% |        3943     20.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total        18795                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       26162      1.30%      1.30% |     1968340     97.67%     98.97% |        5168      0.26%     99.22% |       15658      0.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2015328                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR      1309343      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        1520284      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         999435      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE        14602      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        2015328      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement         2967      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean         2786      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data         19590      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack           6710      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          11890      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean         8250      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack               1444      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all           1505      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          19924      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      2037346      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv           1914      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR         2551      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS         5541      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX        11498      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR      1306786      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       477046      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         4193      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE        14602      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement           47      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean         1253      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.MEM_Inv           80      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      1017769      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       982054      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement         2816      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean         1354      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv          819      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        19924      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         1690      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      2015328      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement          104      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean          179      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv           58      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack         6710      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv          819      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data          113      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all           49      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv           58      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data          103      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all           76      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack           1278      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all         1253      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            166      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          127      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.MEM_Inv           80      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data         5541      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data         2551      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data        11498      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        18795      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      2018551      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data        11674      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean         8249      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        19923      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.622395                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3622395242000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               54861073695501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 135237                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   230418                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              241462458                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2100952                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15001.90                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2028819206                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3456702168                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       966208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            966208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0       450176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         450176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        15097                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              15097                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0         7034                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              7034                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       266732                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total               266732                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0       124276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              124276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0       391008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total              391008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      15097                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      7034                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    15097                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    7034                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                961664                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   4544                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 449344                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                 966208                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              450176                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    71                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             1290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             1121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2              960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3              763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4              984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             1078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6              849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             1156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8              686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9              683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10             698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11             971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12             848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13             950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14             765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            1224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2              358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4              525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9              360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10             289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11             469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14             305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15             571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 3622390778500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                15097                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                7034                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  14843                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    180                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                   420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                   430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                   433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                   430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                   436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                   431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                   430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                   430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                   429                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                   430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                   430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                   430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                   431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                   429                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                   430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                   429                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        10647                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   132.526345                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    97.007357                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   155.218109                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         6932     65.11%     65.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2403     22.57%     87.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          599      5.63%     93.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          263      2.47%     95.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          154      1.45%     97.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767           87      0.82%     98.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           60      0.56%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           52      0.49%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           97      0.91%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        10647                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          429                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     44.030303                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   201.806159                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          425     99.07%     99.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2      0.47%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.23%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.23%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          429                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          429                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.365967                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.344187                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.880133                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16             360     83.92%     83.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18              55     12.82%     96.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              12      2.80%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.23%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          429                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   200775746                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              482513246                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                  75130000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    13361.89                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               32111.89                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     27.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                    8379                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   3021                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                55.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               42.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                 163679489.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   51.69                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                48270600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                26338125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy               77360400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy              23969520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        236825712240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         85195266030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        2100803326500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2423000243415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           668.249174                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3493081962000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 120959540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8355311750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                44059680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                24040500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy               69989400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy              21526560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        236825712240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         84764339190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        2101181340750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2422931008320                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           668.230077                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3493840989251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 120959540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7596298249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       905472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            905472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1       430528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         430528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        14148                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              14148                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1         6727                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              6727                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       249965                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total               249965                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1       118852                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total              118852                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1       368817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total              368817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      14148                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      6727                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    14148                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    6727                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                902464                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   3008                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 429760                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                 905472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              430528                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    47                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             1171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             1004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2              938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3              768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4              957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             1003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6              817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             1075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8              613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9              626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10             666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11             931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12             808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13             895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14             693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            1136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4              516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6              349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8              508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9              345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10             268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11             444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14             297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15             537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 3622394191500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                14148                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                6727                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  13909                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                   399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                   416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                   413                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                   413                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                   418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                   411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                   412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                   410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                   410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                   411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                   411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                   410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                   411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                   411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                   410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                   410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples         9881                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   134.833316                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    98.018216                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   158.500971                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         6358     64.35%     64.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2243     22.70%     87.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          583      5.90%     92.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          266      2.69%     95.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          130      1.32%     96.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          101      1.02%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           59      0.60%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           49      0.50%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           92      0.93%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total         9881                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          410                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     43.839024                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   207.234222                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          406     99.02%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2      0.49%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.24%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.24%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          410                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          410                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.378049                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.357096                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.857018                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16             340     82.93%     82.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      0.24%     83.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18              54     13.17%     96.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              14      3.41%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      0.24%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          410                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   180799996                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              445193746                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                  70505000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    12821.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               31571.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                    7977                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   2959                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                56.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               43.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                 173527865.46                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   52.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                45624600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                24894375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy               73632000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy              22965120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        236825712240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         85195478070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        2100803148750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2422991455155                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           668.246748                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3493113535750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 120959540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8322340250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                41111280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                22431750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy               66604200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy              20548080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        236825712240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         84569900220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        2101351901250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2422898209020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           668.221031                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3494199562000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 120959540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7237725500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2       892800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total            892800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2       424256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total         424256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        13950                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              13950                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2         6629                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total              6629                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2       246467                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total               246467                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2       117120                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total              117120                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2       363587                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total              363587                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      13950                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                      6629                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    13950                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                    6629                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                889344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   3456                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                 423168                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                 892800                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys              424256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    54                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             1211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1              958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2              874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3              764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4              965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5              976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6              793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             1063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8              599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9              625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10             631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11             949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12             846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13             872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14             681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            1089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0              557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1              566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2              295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3              292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4              521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5              438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6              327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7              459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8              510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9              345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10             249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11             457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12             387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13             365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14             296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15             548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 3622390795500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                13950                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                6629                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  13711                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    185                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                   392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                   404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                   407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                   407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                   411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                   406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                   406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                   407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                   404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                   405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                   405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                   405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                   404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                   404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                   404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                   404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples         9558                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   137.334170                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    99.258059                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   161.731018                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         6065     63.45%     63.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2236     23.39%     86.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383          553      5.79%     92.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511          259      2.71%     95.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          141      1.48%     96.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          104      1.09%     97.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895           55      0.58%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           51      0.53%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           94      0.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total         9558                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples          404                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     43.967822                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   208.546373                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          400     99.01%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      0.74%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.25%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total          404                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples          404                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.366337                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.345966                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.845044                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16             337     83.42%     83.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      0.25%     83.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18              52     12.87%     96.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19              13      3.22%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      0.25%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total          404                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   179874244                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              440424244                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                  69480000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    12944.32                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               31694.32                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                    7918                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                   3033                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                56.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               45.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                 176023654.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   53.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                44014320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                24015750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy               72594600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy              22388400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        236825712240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy         85125362940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        2100864653250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          2422978741500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           668.243242                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3493211811750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF 120959540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8225358250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                40325040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                22002750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy               65964600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy              20457360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        236825712240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy         84538471275                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        2101379470500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          2422892403765                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           668.219430                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3494159825500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF 120959540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7277462000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3       896896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            896896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3       416768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         416768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        14014                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              14014                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3         6512                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total              6512                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3       247597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total               247597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3       115053                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total              115053                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3       362651                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total              362651                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      14014                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                      6512                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    14014                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                    6512                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                893888                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   3008                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                 415552                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                 896896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys              416768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    47                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             1219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1              954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2              871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3              748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4              964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5              989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6              768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             1091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8              617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9              614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10             656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11             914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12             841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13             885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14             688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            1148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0              551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1              547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2              291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3              257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4              505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5              433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6              325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7              483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8              503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9              339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10             253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11             409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12             379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13             392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14             292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15             534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 3622398067500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                14014                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                6512                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  13790                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    177                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                   389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                   401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                   405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                   398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                   402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                   399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                   398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                   398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                   399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                   399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                   397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                   397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                   399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                   397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                   397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                   397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples         9486                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   138.039216                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    99.674599                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   161.730602                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         6011     63.37%     63.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2200     23.19%     86.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383          563      5.94%     92.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511          259      2.73%     95.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          153      1.61%     96.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767           92      0.97%     97.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895           73      0.77%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           37      0.39%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           98      1.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total         9486                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples          397                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     44.775819                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   209.269467                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          393     98.99%     98.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2      0.50%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.25%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.25%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total          397                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples          397                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.355164                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.334579                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.851205                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16             335     84.38%     84.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18              47     11.84%     96.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19              13      3.27%     99.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20               2      0.50%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total          397                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   181332745                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              443213995                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                  69835000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    12982.94                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               31732.94                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                    7973                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                   3001                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                57.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               46.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                 176478518.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   53.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                43296120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                23623875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy               72267000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy              21980160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        236825712240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy         85183610670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        2100813558750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          2422984048815                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           668.244705                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3493139825750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF 120959540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8297461750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                40128480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                21895500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy               66510600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy              20094480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        236825712240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy         84523135140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        2101392923250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          2422890399690                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           668.218877                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3494192743000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF 120959540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7244544500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      7246724266                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   20632081                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     36732337                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             31297554                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses               8402445                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     666325                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      2210510                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    31297554                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                      8402445                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           60671298                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          23906047                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            14069391                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes            7476726                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            15268065                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           11141123                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      8276278                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    6072005                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   2204273                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              7168588285.480308                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              78135980.519693                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.010782                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.989218                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          3051749                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               136450      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 24444573     66.55%     66.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  215062      0.59%     67.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    39674      0.11%     67.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                3620561      9.86%     77.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 6072005     16.53%     94.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                2204273      6.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  36732598                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      7244409171                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                 1994875829                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   3393649821                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           2758270951                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses            1010095969                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   49952416                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts    199886274                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  2758270951                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                   1010095969                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         5219772924                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        2053165942                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads          1701911052                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          899771631                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads          1288988148                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes         1039606557                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    738427801                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  571931120                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                 166496681                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              90360445.837962                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              7154048725.162038                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.987527                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.012473                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        261259880                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1517455      0.04%      0.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu               2189828607     64.53%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                24040579      0.71%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   210578      0.01%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              439625077     12.95%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               571931120     16.85%     95.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite              166496681      4.91%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                3393650097                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      7244411242                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    5415665                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     10904702                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             10725711                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 16235                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     254739                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       812373                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    10725711                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        16235                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           21494279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           8735099                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               26365                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              12843                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             5941170                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            3526533                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      2501200                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    1503141                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    998059                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              7220705970.965363                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              23705271.034638                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.003272                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.996728                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          1185804                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               125882      1.15%      1.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  8210832     75.29%     76.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   14372      0.13%     76.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    40546      0.37%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  12140      0.11%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 1503141     13.78%     90.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 998059      9.15%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  10905020                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      7248373642                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    6514516                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     12867139                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             12628765                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                 25452                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     308838                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       933065                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    12628765                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                        25452                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           25636310                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          10287512                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               40685                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              19797                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             6847433                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            4077838                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      3032803                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    1859036                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1173767                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              7218280834.942331                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              30092807.057669                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.004152                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.995848                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1353713                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               126159      0.98%      0.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  9634063     74.87%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   18056      0.14%     75.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    37710      0.29%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                  18595      0.14%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 1859036     14.45%     90.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1173767      9.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  12867418                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7080                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7080                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                8650                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               8650                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               900                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              900                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1738                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          768                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2568                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2298                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         7004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           92                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1096                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2298                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5250                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           58                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         8632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2342                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        14376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   33260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          868                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          868                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          868                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3476                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           66                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8470                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         4228                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1284                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        10138                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           52                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3492                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          548                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8724                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         6636                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         4316                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4684                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        15720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    46528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               241000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              7038982                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             8393000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             3194992                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             3084978                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             3206990                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             3250486                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1294494                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             3751000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             5554500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             4059500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy            11781500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           47                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       192512                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           47                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               28639606                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.736856                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 2.313044                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    26007673     90.81%     90.81% |        4429      0.02%     90.83% |     2626118      9.17%    100.00% |         398      0.00%    100.00% |         903      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 28639606                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   7191733075                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000412                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  7191731853    100.00%    100.00% |        1222      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   7191733075                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     7191733075                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.020311                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.003206                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         0.761207                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  7191700635    100.00%    100.00% |       29676      0.00%    100.00% |        1182      0.00%    100.00% |         756      0.00%    100.00% |         586      0.00%    100.00% |         222      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       7191733075                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   7183866524                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  7183866524    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   7183866524                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      7866551                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    19.568466                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.651617                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    13.613230                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     7834111     99.59%     99.59% |       29676      0.38%     99.96% |        1182      0.02%     99.98% |         756      0.01%     99.99% |         586      0.01%    100.00% |         222      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      7866551                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      8207647                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        72591                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      8280238                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits     28650811                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        69875                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses     28720686                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits    735997193                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      2434240                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    738431433                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits   2804994653                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses      1188411                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses   2806183064                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      2445062                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        64316                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      2509378                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      7118074                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        55854                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7173928                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      2960048                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77046                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      3037094                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      8593591                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        60558                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      8654149                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      3931155                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        91736                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      4022891                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            36                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.006798                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::0       142466                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2        27764                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::1       156130                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::1        89258                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2        61410                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        24853                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          201                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        18325                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::0      1139728                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       222112                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11241360                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       714064                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       491280                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1789416                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        14472                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       146600                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.179989                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::0      3622651                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15106                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3626193                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2000667                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1988799                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1239650                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          201                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       737598                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::0     28981208                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       120848                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    261085896                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     16005336                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     15910392                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     89254800                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        14472                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      5900784                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.005779                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::0       120170                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2        28399                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::1       132366                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::1        67422                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2        50429                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        22396                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          268                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        12939                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::0       961360                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       227192                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9530352                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       539376                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       403432                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1612512                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        19296                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       103512                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.006635                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::0       137604                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::2        30469                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::1       149296                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::1        79674                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2        62795                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        27874                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          118                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        16633                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::0      1100832                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       243752                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10749312                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       637392                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       502360                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2006928                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         8496                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       133064                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.199525                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0      4080013                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2        68235                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1      4076734                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2192870                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2163433                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1314773                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          788                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       785495                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0     32640104                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       545880                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    293524848                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     17542960                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     17307464                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     94663656                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        56736                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      6283960                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.000781                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0        15067                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1        21624                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1        15187                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          789                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0       120536                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1556928                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       121496                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6312                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.000733                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0        14123                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1        20364                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1        13621                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          779                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0       112984                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1466208                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       108968                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6232                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.000722                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0        13934                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1        20063                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1        13329                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0       111472                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1444536                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       106632                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.000722                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0        13998                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1        20012                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1        13486                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0       111984                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1440864                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       107888                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.000024                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3104                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6912                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        24832                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.036529                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0      4080013                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2       101738                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1      4111444                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2242757                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2163433                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1314773                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          788                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       788599                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0     32640104                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       813904                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    296023968                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     17942056                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     17307464                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     94663656                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        56736                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      6308792                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        12240039                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       271711                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     12334322                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     13218570                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      3946683                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      2374821                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         97920312                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      2173688                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    888071184                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    105748560                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    284161176                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     18998568                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.009021                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        27764                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       133968                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        73608                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       222112                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9645696                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       588864                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004574                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       142466                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22162                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        15650                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        61410                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        24853                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          201                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        18325                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1139728                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1595664                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       125200                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       491280                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1789416                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        14472                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       146600                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.238637                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15106                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3619138                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1990110                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       120848                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    260577936                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     15920880                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.121341                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      3622651                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         7055                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        10557                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1988799                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1239650                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          201                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       737598                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     28981208                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       507960                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        84456                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     15910392                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     89254800                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        14472                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      5900784                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.007767                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        28399                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       116569                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        47946                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       227192                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8392968                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       383568                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003790                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       120170                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        15797                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19476                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        50429                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        22396                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          268                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        12939                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       961360                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1137384                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       155808                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       403432                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1612512                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        19296                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       103512                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.008860                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        30469                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       132696                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        59011                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       243752                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9554112                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       472088                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004410                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       137604                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        16600                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        20663                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        62795                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        27874                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          118                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        16633                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1100832                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1195200                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       165304                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       502360                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2006928                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         8496                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       133064                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.135451                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      4022891                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        84132                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        57173                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2163433                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1314773                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          788                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       785495                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     32183128                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6057504                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       457384                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     17307464                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     94663656                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        56736                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      6283960                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.263600                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        57122                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        68235                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3992602                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2135697                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       456976                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       545880                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    287467344                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     17085576                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000543                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        15067                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         6520                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4211                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          789                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       120536                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       469440                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        33688                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6312                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001019                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        15104                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        10976                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1087488                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        87808                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000514                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        14123                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         6214                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3583                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          779                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       112984                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       447408                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        28664                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6232                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000953                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14150                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        10038                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1018800                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        80304                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000505                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        13934                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         6113                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3490                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       111472                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       440136                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        27920                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000940                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        13950                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9839                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1004400                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        78712                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000499                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        13998                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5998                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3625                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       111984                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       431856                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        29000                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000944                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14014                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9861                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1009008                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        78888                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000027                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6912                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000021                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3104                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        24832                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.009021                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        27764                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       133968                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        73608                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       222112                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9645696                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       588864                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.238637                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15106                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3619138                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1990110                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       120848                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    260577936                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     15920880                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.link_utilization     0.007767                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        28399                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::1       116569                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::1        47946                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       227192                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8392968                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       383568                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.link_utilization     0.008860                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        30469                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::1       132696                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::1        59011                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       243752                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9554112                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       472088                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.link_utilization     0.135451                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0      4022891                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1        84132                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1        57173                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2163433                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1314773                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          788                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       785495                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0     32183128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6057504                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       457384                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     17307464                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     94663656                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        56736                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      6283960                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.link_utilization     0.000543                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Control::0        15067                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1         6520                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4211                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          789                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::0       120536                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       469440                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        33688                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6312                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.link_utilization     0.000514                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Control::0        14123                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1         6214                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3583                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          779                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::0       112984                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       447408                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        28664                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6232                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.link_utilization     0.000505                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Control::0        13934                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1         6113                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3490                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Control::0       111472                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       440136                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        27920                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.link_utilization     0.000499                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0        13998                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5998                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3625                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0       111984                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       431856                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        29000                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.link_utilization     0.000027                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6912                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle10.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      16202850                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.274947                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        2.930515                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    13622633     84.08%     84.08% |        1240      0.01%     84.08% |     2577642     15.91%     99.99% |         373      0.00%     99.99% |         877      0.01%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        16202850                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      12267356                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.036313                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.516643                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    12195701     99.42%     99.42% |       19939      0.16%     99.58% |        1261      0.01%     99.59% |        1928      0.02%     99.60% |       48263      0.39%    100.00% |         213      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        12267356                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        169400                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000153                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.017520                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      169387     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |          13      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          169400                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples   1148652819                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.053152                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.008107                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.244097                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |  1148636571    100.00%    100.00% |       15084      0.00%    100.00% |         496      0.00%    100.00% |         350      0.00%    100.00% |         224      0.00%    100.00% |          86      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total    1148652819                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1145543327                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1145543327    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1145543327                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3109492                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    20.634504                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.741722                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    13.685088                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     3093244     99.48%     99.48% |       15084      0.49%     99.96% |         496      0.02%     99.98% |         350      0.01%     99.99% |         224      0.01%    100.00% |          86      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3109492                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    340002353                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.115964                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.017620                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      2.023315                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   339993462    100.00%    100.00% |        7726      0.00%    100.00% |         485      0.00%    100.00% |         294      0.00%    100.00% |         279      0.00%    100.00% |         100      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     340002353                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    337986462                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   337986462    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    337986462                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2015891                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    20.558628                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.027579                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    17.612312                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     2007000     99.56%     99.56% |        7726      0.38%     99.94% |         485      0.02%     99.97% |         294      0.01%     99.98% |         279      0.01%     99.99% |         100      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2015891                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   5690788796                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.007787                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001341                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.408248                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  5690782077    100.00%    100.00% |        6311      0.00%    100.00% |         188      0.00%    100.00% |         106      0.00%    100.00% |          77      0.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   5690788796                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   5688104755                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  5688104755    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   5688104755                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2684041                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    17.510552                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.145188                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.994551                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     2677322     99.75%     99.75% |        6311      0.24%     99.98% |         188      0.01%     99.99% |         106      0.00%    100.00% |          77      0.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2684041                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples     11689373                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.070142                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.010341                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.385424                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |    11689083    100.00%    100.00% |          66      0.00%    100.00% |         213      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total     11689373                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     11649775                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    11649775    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     11649775                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        39598                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    21.705970                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    20.840069                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    11.803695                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       39308     99.27%     99.27% |          66      0.17%     99.43% |         213      0.54%     99.97% |           1      0.00%     99.97% |           1      0.00%     99.98% |           7      0.02%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        39598                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       299867                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.512254                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.205643                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.279261                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      299509     99.88%     99.88% |         341      0.11%     99.99% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       299867                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       282338                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      282338    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       282338                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        17529                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    26.869987                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    24.513159                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    23.291753                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       17171     97.96%     97.96% |         341      1.95%     99.90% |           5      0.03%     99.93% |           5      0.03%     99.96% |           5      0.03%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        17529                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       299867                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      299867    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       299867                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       299867                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      299867    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       299867                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       15067     26.38%     26.38% |       14123     24.72%     51.10% |       13934     24.39%     75.49% |       13998     24.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total        57122                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |        6520     26.24%     26.24% |        6214     25.01%     51.25% |        6113     24.60%     75.86% |        5998     24.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total        24845                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       15097     26.39%     26.39% |       14148     24.73%     51.12% |       13950     24.38%     75.50% |       14014     24.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total        57209                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |        7034     26.15%     26.15% |        6727     25.01%     51.15% |        6629     24.64%     75.79% |        6512     24.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total        26902                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          37     38.54%     38.54% |          27     28.12%     66.67% |          16     16.67%     83.33% |          16     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           96                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         752     25.00%     25.00% |         752     25.00%     50.00% |         752     25.00%     75.00% |         752     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         3008                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |        4211     28.24%     28.24% |        3583     24.03%     52.28% |        3490     23.41%     75.69% |        3625     24.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        14909                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       15067     26.38%     26.38% |       14123     24.72%     51.10% |       13934     24.39%     75.49% |       13998     24.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total        57122                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          30     34.48%     34.48% |          25     28.74%     63.22% |          16     18.39%     81.61% |          16     18.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           87                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         514     24.99%     24.99% |         513     24.94%     49.93% |         516     25.09%     75.01% |         514     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2057                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          30     34.48%     34.48% |          25     28.74%     63.22% |          16     18.39%     81.61% |          16     18.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           87                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         514     24.99%     24.99% |         513     24.94%     49.93% |         516     25.09%     75.01% |         514     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         2057                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |        6275     26.27%     26.27% |        5973     25.01%     51.28% |        5877     24.61%     75.88% |        5760     24.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total        23885                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           7     77.78%     77.78% |           2     22.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         238     25.03%     25.03% |         239     25.13%     50.16% |         236     24.82%     74.97% |         238     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          951                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |        4211     28.24%     28.24% |        3583     24.03%     52.28% |        3490     23.41%     75.69% |        3625     24.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        14909                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       15067     26.38%     26.38% |       14123     24.72%     51.10% |       13934     24.39%     75.49% |       13998     24.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total        57122                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |        6275     26.27%     26.27% |        5973     25.01%     51.28% |        5877     24.61%     75.88% |        5760     24.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total        23885                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |           7     77.78%     77.78% |           2     22.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           7     77.78%     77.78% |           2     22.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         238     25.03%     25.03% |         239     25.13%     50.16% |         236     24.82%     74.97% |         238     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          951                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         238     25.03%     25.03% |         239     25.13%     50.16% |         236     24.82%     74.97% |         238     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          951                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          96    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           96                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          96    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             96                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          96    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           96                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          96    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           96                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         3008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5931540      1.03%      1.03% |   566234099     98.42%     99.45% |     1423966      0.25%     99.69% |     1755418      0.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    575345023                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    28720686      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072220768256    100.00%    100.00% |     7173928      0.00%    100.00% |     8654149      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072265318400                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     2348698      1.33%      1.33% |   172197334     97.33%     98.66% |     1085412      0.61%     99.28% |     1281676      0.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total    176913120                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       15851     23.61%     23.61% |       10758     16.02%     39.64% |       19744     29.41%     69.05% |       20781     30.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        67134                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      131690      3.31%      3.31% |     3614634     90.84%     94.15% |      108874      2.74%     96.89% |      123785      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      3978983                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        1664     21.91%     21.91% |        1641     21.61%     43.52% |        1513     19.92%     63.44% |        2776     36.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         7594                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |       10249     37.95%     37.95% |        2707     10.02%     47.97% |        7142     26.44%     74.41% |        6912     25.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        27010                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        1029     22.20%     22.20% |         754     16.27%     38.47% |        1838     39.65%     78.12% |        1014     21.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         4635                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       26263      2.44%      2.44% |      997169     92.55%     94.99% |       25876      2.40%     97.39% |       28134      2.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      1077442                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        5647     20.91%     20.91% |        6875     25.45%     46.36% |        6353     23.52%     69.88% |        8135     30.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        27010                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      101029      3.49%      3.49% |     2614340     90.36%     93.85% |       82502      2.85%     96.70% |       95413      3.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      2893284                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       20903     46.19%     46.19% |        8595     18.99%     65.19% |        7172     15.85%     81.04% |        8582     18.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        45252                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        9527     37.87%     37.87% |        4267     16.96%     54.84% |        5439     21.62%     76.46% |        5922     23.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        25155                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       43178      2.06%      2.06% |     1977248     94.14%     96.20% |       35335      1.68%     97.88% |       44507      2.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2100268                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       41590      2.65%      2.65% |     1446192     92.06%     94.71% |       39216      2.50%     97.21% |       43897      2.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      1570895                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |       69860      5.08%      5.08% |     1188397     86.45%     91.53% |       55832      4.06%     95.59% |       60553      4.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total      1374642                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |       20240      1.96%      1.96% |      980195     94.78%     96.74% |       13826      1.34%     98.07% |       19916      1.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1034177                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |        7803     27.12%     27.12% |        5910     20.54%     47.66% |        7266     25.25%     72.91% |        7794     27.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        28773                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        1501      8.19%      8.19% |        3293     17.98%     26.17% |        6900     37.67%     63.84% |        6623     36.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        18317                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |          15     26.79%     26.79% |          14     25.00%     51.79% |          22     39.29%     91.07% |           5      8.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |         761     17.77%     17.77% |        1047     24.45%     42.22% |         773     18.05%     60.28% |        1701     39.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total         4282                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        7765     33.70%     33.70% |        2027      8.80%     42.49% |        5978     25.94%     68.43% |        7274     31.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        23044                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      391336      0.32%      0.32% |   121780297     99.26%     99.58% |      234752      0.19%     99.77% |      286030      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total    122692415                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    28650811      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072219578368    100.00%    100.00% |     7118074      0.00%    100.00% |     8593591      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total 18446744072263942144                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        8499     41.41%     41.41% |        3513     17.12%     58.53% |        3601     17.55%     76.08% |        4909     23.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        20522                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        7755     20.88%     20.88% |        4502     12.12%     33.00% |       12077     32.51%     65.51% |       12813     34.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        37147                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       80747      4.35%      4.35% |     1635359     88.13%     92.48% |       67561      3.64%     96.12% |       72004      3.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      1855671                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1934815      1.83%      1.83% |   103196316     97.69%     99.52% |      253239      0.24%     99.76% |      252579      0.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total    105636949                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |        4851      1.73%      1.73% |      258728     92.42%     94.15% |        8563      3.06%     97.21% |        7805      2.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       279947                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |          91     21.46%     21.46% |         145     34.20%     55.66% |         133     31.37%     87.03% |          55     12.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total          424                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |       18325      2.33%      2.33% |      737598     93.90%     96.24% |       12939      1.65%     97.88% |       16633      2.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       785495                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |          97      7.19%      7.19% |         131      9.70%     16.89% |         449     33.26%     50.15% |         673     49.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total         1350                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |        2526     25.07%     25.07% |         559      5.55%     30.62% |        4157     41.26%     71.87% |        2834     28.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        10076                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     3562298      1.03%      1.03% |   339808001     98.37%     99.40% |      889859      0.26%     99.66% |     1166289      0.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    345426447                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     2314347      1.32%      1.32% |   170953851     97.37%     98.69% |     1058649      0.60%     99.29% |     1247345      0.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total    175574192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         201     25.51%     25.51% |         201     25.51%     51.02% |         268     34.01%     85.03% |         118     14.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          788                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |       24853      1.89%      1.89% |     1239650     94.29%     96.18% |       22396      1.70%     97.88% |       27874      2.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1314773                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |        1567     25.10%     25.10% |        1510     24.18%     49.28% |        1064     17.04%     66.32% |        2103     33.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         6244                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        7723     45.61%     45.61% |        2148     12.68%     58.29% |        2985     17.63%     75.92% |        4078     24.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total        16934                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       26263      2.44%      2.44% |      997169     92.55%     94.99% |       25876      2.40%     97.39% |       28134      2.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      1077442                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        5647     20.91%     20.91% |        6875     25.45%     46.36% |        6353     23.52%     69.88% |        8135     30.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        27010                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       81056      4.36%      4.36% |     1633852     87.87%     92.23% |       69741      3.75%     95.98% |       74809      4.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total      1859458                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        1029     22.20%     22.20% |         754     16.27%     38.47% |        1838     39.65%     78.12% |        1014     21.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         4635                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       19973      1.93%      1.93% |      980488     94.84%     96.77% |       12761      1.23%     98.01% |       20604      1.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1033826                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |       20903     46.19%     46.19% |        8595     18.99%     65.19% |        7172     15.85%     81.04% |        8582     18.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        45252                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        9527     37.87%     37.87% |        4267     16.96%     54.84% |        5439     21.62%     76.46% |        5922     23.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total        25155                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       43178      2.06%      2.06% |     1977248     94.14%     96.20% |       35335      1.68%     97.88% |       44507      2.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2100268                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR      1374698      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        1589886      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        1038464      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE        20522      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        2100268      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement        23505      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean        15289      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data         57122      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack          39754      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          17722      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean        10076      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack               8771      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all           7688      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          27010      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      2136423      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv           1920      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR         8308      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS        22171      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX        26643      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR      1366376      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       484742      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         4635      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE        20520      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          378      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean         6806      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.MEM_Inv           80      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR           13      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      1055280      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       999589      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement        22635      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean         7823      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv          820      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        27010      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         7594      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      2100268      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement          492      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean          660      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv           60      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack        39754      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv          820      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data          408      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all          144      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv           60      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data          380      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all          280      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack           8184      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all         6806      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            587      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          458      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.MEM_Inv           80      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data        22162      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GET_INSTR            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data         8317      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data        26643      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           71      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        25155      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS          600      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      2111268      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data        16921      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean        10071      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           18      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data           13      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        26992      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
