
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.930097                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2930096840500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               56080567734001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 119166                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   199719                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              227684732                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1859136                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 12869.10                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1533560887                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2570205059                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4777216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           4777216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3391168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        3391168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        74644                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              74644                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        52987                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             52987                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1630395                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              1630395                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1157357                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             1157357                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2787752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             2787752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      74644                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     52987                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    74644                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   52987                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               4774336                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   2880                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                3388224                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                4777216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             3391168                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    45                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   22                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             8343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             7759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             7631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             6852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             2986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             1556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             1342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             1738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             1836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             1914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            1572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            2460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            5973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            7909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            7499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            7229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             6358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             6181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             6227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             5806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             1862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9              278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10             250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            1089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            4697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            6164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            6165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            6038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 2930096848000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                74644                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               52987                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  74151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                  1086                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                  1273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                  3164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                  3167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                  3167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                  3164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                  3164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                  3164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                  3161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                  3164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                  3166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                  3159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                  3159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                  3159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                  3158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                  3158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                  3158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                  3158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        21932                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   372.172898                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   188.836152                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   406.899991                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9858     44.95%     44.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3759     17.14%     62.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1159      5.28%     67.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          598      2.73%     70.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          320      1.46%     71.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          269      1.23%     72.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          218      0.99%     73.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          224      1.02%     74.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         5527     25.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        21932                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         3158                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     26.262508                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   211.783230                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-511         3149     99.72%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            6      0.19%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            1      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         3158                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         3158                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.764091                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.736141                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.979881                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16            1899     60.13%     60.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             173      5.48%     65.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            1025     32.46%     98.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              56      1.77%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               3      0.09%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      0.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         3158                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   665927482                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             2064658732                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 372995000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     8926.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               27676.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        1.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        1.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     1.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     1.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.06                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   57254                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  48354                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                76.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               91.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                  22957563.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   82.79                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                88338600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                48200625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              323801400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy             179969040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        191627442240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         78103726740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1691822202000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1962193680645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           668.802651                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2812456205250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  97842420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  19799464250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                97849080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                53389875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              323598600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy             163088640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        191627442240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         80647645005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1689590694750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1962503708190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           668.908322                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2809201616000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  97842420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  23058051000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4713728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           4713728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3370432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3370432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        73652                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              73652                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        52663                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             52663                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1608728                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              1608728                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1150280                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             1150280                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2759008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             2759008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      73652                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     52663                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    73652                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   52663                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               4710720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   3008                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3368384                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                4713728                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3370432                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    47                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                   21                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             8276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             7712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             7572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             6834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             2964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             1542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             1307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             1695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             1783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             1864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            1557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            5933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            7838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            7457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            7113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             6331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             6179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             6226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             5810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             1861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6              363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8              482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9              269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10             257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11             829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            4696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            6158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            6161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            6041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 2930096641500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                73652                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               52663                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  73151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    454                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                  1121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                  1298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                  3139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                  3139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                  3149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                  3143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                  3139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                  3140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                  3138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                  3139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                  3140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                  3135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                  3136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                  3135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                  3135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                  3135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                  3135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                  3135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        21280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   379.657143                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   192.122213                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   410.332972                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9567     44.96%     44.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3443     16.18%     61.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1141      5.36%     66.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          572      2.69%     69.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          318      1.49%     70.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          272      1.28%     71.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          229      1.08%     73.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          227      1.07%     74.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         5511     25.90%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        21280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         3135                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     26.150877                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   202.659432                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-511         3127     99.74%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            5      0.16%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047            1      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         3135                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         3135                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.788198                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.759686                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.989634                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16            1856     59.20%     59.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             159      5.07%     64.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            1054     33.62%     97.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              62      1.98%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               3      0.10%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         3135                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   656998986                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             2037092736                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 368025000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     8926.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               27676.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        1.61                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        1.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     1.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     1.15                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     26.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   56794                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  48163                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                77.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               91.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  23196743.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   83.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                86985360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                47462250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              321211800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy             179742240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        191627442240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         78063719580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1691857296000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1962183859470                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           668.799304                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2812574274250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  97842420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  19682780250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                94084200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                51335625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              318263400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy             161306640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        191627442240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         80143859340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1690032612000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1962428903445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           668.882825                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2809939713000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  97842420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  22315754250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      5862127901                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  769083483                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   1298403291                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           1004532710                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses             478395132                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                   18412901                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     87017411                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  1004532710                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                    478395132                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         2138986612                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         694408790                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads           753629367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes          391459229                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           738071944                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          279054038                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    330878110                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  244755165                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  86122945                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2896243743.008811                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              2965884157.991189                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.505940                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.494060                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        117942937                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              1922366      0.15%      0.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                756479287     58.26%     58.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                 2606761      0.20%     58.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                 11364356      0.88%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd              194505037     14.98%     74.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     74.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                 647514      0.05%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               244755165     18.85%     93.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               86122945      6.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                1298403431                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      5857234586                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  756689212                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   1255930063                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            954138530                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             487206380                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   17277587                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     85367553                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   954138530                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    487206380                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         2008772540                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         642605614                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           776335816                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          398561984                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           714996473                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          274171505                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    315818830                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  234836157                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  80982673                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              2950326869.786348                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2906907716.213652                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.496294                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.503706                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        114587343                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1565579      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                724123506     57.66%     57.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                 2140107      0.17%     57.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                  8273626      0.66%     58.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              203587814     16.21%     74.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     74.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                 420642      0.03%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               234836157     18.70%     93.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               80982673      6.45%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                1255930104                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      5858098654                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    3507868                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      7201409                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              7074600                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1893                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     177409                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       604755                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     7074600                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                         1893                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           14017853                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           5797595                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                3183                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes               1511                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             4445579                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            2339200                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1577102                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     989416                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    587686                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              5843890449.318551                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              14208204.681449                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.002425                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.997575                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           836699                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                91654      1.27%      1.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  5487444     76.20%     77.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   13519      0.19%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    30345      0.42%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                   1434      0.02%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  989416     13.74%     91.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 587686      8.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   7201498                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      5863339366                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    2709505                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      5746606                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              5634078                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                    39                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     148672                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       474996                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     5634078                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                           39                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           11129933                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           4641155                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                  63                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                 31                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             3594349                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            1808371                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1251596                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     781162                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    470434                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              5852267905.200809                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              11071460.799192                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.001888                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.998112                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           669993                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                90702      1.58%      1.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  4362067     75.91%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    9936      0.17%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    32297      0.56%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                     30      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  781162     13.59%     91.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 470434      8.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   5746628                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  875                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 875                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                4584                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               4584                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               114                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              114                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           52                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           52                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           52                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           50                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1320                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2872                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1540                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1526                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   11146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          650                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3794                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          750                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3076                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3851                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          590                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3698                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           87                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3052                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3739                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    15494                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              3847500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                26496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              114000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             2064618                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             2075112                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1987472                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1969476                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              177901                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1956500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             2045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1879000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             2004500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages         1523                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      6238208                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs         1523                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           45                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       184320                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           45                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   2882177188                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000264                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2882176987    100.00%    100.00% |         201      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   2882177188                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     2882177188                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.046267                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.010588                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         0.873613                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  2882173171    100.00%    100.00% |        3100      0.00%    100.00% |         207      0.00%    100.00% |         236      0.00%    100.00% |         391      0.00%    100.00% |          83      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       2882177188                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2882028166                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.043077                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.010383                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.654915                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |  2869613260     99.57%     99.57% |           0      0.00%     99.57% |           0      0.00%     99.57% |           0      0.00%     99.57% |           0      0.00%     99.57% |    12414906      0.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2882028166                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       149022                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    62.742347                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    51.225769                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    51.566844                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |      145005     97.30%     97.30% |        3100      2.08%     99.38% |         207      0.14%     99.52% |         236      0.16%     99.68% |         391      0.26%     99.94% |          83      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       149022                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr           40                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits    330551947                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses      5189614                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    335741561                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits   1114050627                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses       838051                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1114888678                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      5970607                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        57058                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      6027665                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           166                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits    316724884                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      4575450                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    321300334                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits   1097539899                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses      1812783                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1099352682                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits      6346198                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        42035                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses      6388233                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            19                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1536974                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        41488                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1578462                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      4515040                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        44570                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4559610                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        58881                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        27177                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        86058                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1222317                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        28377                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1250694                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      3471572                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        33595                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3505167                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        39220                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        22752                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        61972                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.005952                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        57058                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79587                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       306333                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         3911                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2        11311                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        11311                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         7399                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       193203                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        57058                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       456464                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5730264                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      2450664                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       281592                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        90488                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        90488                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        59192                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1545624                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       456464                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.005172                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        42035                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           20                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        69248                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       288795                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          399                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1581                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1581                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         1182                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       208234                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        42035                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       336280                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          160                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4985856                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      2310360                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        28728                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        12648                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        12648                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         9456                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1665872                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       336280                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.004576                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        27177                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::4        60816                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::4       246882                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           68                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          124                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          124                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       223081                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        27177                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       217416                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4378752                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1975056                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         4896                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          992                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          992                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          448                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1784648                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       217416                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.003743                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        22752                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::3           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        38287                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::4       259651                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       227512                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        22752                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       182016                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2756664                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      2077208                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1820096                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       182016                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.005409                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        81977                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::3           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1        49333                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::4        26079                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::4       202676                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         2214                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        50773                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         6653                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         6653                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         4439                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       132721                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        81977                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       655816                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          224                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3551976                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1877688                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1621408                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       159408                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       406184                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        53224                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        53224                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        35512                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1061768                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       655816                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.005163                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::2        67045                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::3           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1        49058                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::4        25232                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Control::4       201641                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         2165                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        50498                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         6365                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         6365                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         4199                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       117532                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        67045                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       536360                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3532176                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1816704                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1613128                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       155880                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       403984                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        50920                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        50920                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        33592                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       940256                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       536360                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.004222                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        98391                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       101271                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7084152                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       810168                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized     0.004600                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Request_Control::2       149022                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Request_Control::3           39                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        98391                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::4       149625                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Control::4       752989                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         4379                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       101271                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2        13018                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        13018                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         8638                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       852030                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       149022                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1192176                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          312                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7084152                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     10773000                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      6023912                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       315288                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       810168                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2       104144                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       104144                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        69104                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      6816240                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      1192176                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       447183                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data       744047                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control      2258967                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data        13137                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control       416475                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Broadcast_Control      1954313                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control       447066                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      3577464                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data     53571384                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control     18071736                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data       945864                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control      3331800                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Broadcast_Control     15634504                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control      3576528                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.007281                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        57011                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       135698                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        11311                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       193203                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4104792                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1085584                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        90488                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1545624                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004623                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        57058                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        22576                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       170635                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         3911                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2        11311                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         7399                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        57058                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       456464                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1625472                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1365080                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       281592                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        90488                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        59192                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       456464                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005936                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           20                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        42012                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       107777                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1581                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       208234                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          160                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3024864                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       862216                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        12648                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1665872                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004407                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        42035                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        27236                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       181018                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          399                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1581                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         1182                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        42035                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       336280                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1960992                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1448144                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        28728                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        12648                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         9456                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       336280                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004481                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        27166                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        57450                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          124                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       223081                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1955952                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       459600                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          992                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1784648                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004671                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        27177                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        33650                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       189432                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           68                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          124                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        27177                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       217416                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2422800                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1515456                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         4896                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          992                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          448                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       217416                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004089                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        22669                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        47747                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       227512                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1632168                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       381976                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1820096                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003396                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        22752                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        15618                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       211904                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        22752                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       182016                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1124496                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1695232                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       182016                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003858                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        81977                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       202676                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         2214                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        50773                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         6653                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         4439                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        81977                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       655816                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        29952                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1621408                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       159408                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       406184                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        53224                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        35512                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       655816                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.006961                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        49333                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        25663                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         6653                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       132721                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          224                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3551976                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1847736                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        53224                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1061768                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003579                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        67045                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          351                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       201641                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         2165                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        50498                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         6365                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         4199                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        67045                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       536360                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        25272                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1613128                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       155880                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       403984                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        50920                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        33592                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       536360                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.006747                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        49058                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        24881                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         6365                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       117532                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3532176                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1791432                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        50920                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       940256                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.007580                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        98391                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7084152                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000864                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       101271                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       810168                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization     0.007281                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        57011                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       135698                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        11311                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       193203                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4104792                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1085584                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        90488                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1545624                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization     0.005936                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           20                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        42012                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       107777                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1581                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       208234                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          160                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3024864                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       862216                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        12648                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1665872                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.link_utilization     0.004481                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4        27166                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::4        57450                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          124                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       223081                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1955952                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       459600                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          992                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1784648                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.link_utilization     0.004089                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::3           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        22669                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::4        47747                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       227512                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1632168                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       381976                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1820096                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.link_utilization     0.003858                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        81977                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::4          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::4       202676                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         2214                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        50773                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         6653                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         4439                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        81977                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       655816                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        29952                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1621408                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       159408                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       406184                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        53224                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        35512                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       655816                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.link_utilization     0.003579                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2        67045                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::4          351                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::4       201641                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         2165                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        50498                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         6365                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         4199                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        67045                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       536360                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        25272                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1613128                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       155880                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       403984                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        50920                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        33592                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       536360                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.link_utilization     0.007580                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        98391                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7084152                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    489495573                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.199583                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.046313                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.837525                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   489492493    100.00%    100.00% |        2327      0.00%    100.00% |         181      0.00%    100.00% |         205      0.00%    100.00% |         308      0.00%    100.00% |          59      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     489495573                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    489381697                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.185017                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.045364                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.347569                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |   480327291     98.15%     98.15% |           0      0.00%     98.15% |           0      0.00%     98.15% |           0      0.00%     98.15% |           0      0.00%     98.15% |     9054406      1.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    489381697                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       113876                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    63.796480                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    51.553129                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    52.826153                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      110796     97.30%     97.30% |        2327      2.04%     99.34% |         181      0.16%     99.50% |         205      0.18%     99.68% |         308      0.27%     99.95% |          59      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       113876                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    167356234                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.043999                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.009459                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.023719                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   167355792    100.00%    100.00% |         337      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |          50      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     167356234                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    167339715                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.037612                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.009060                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.612129                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |   166710323     99.62%     99.62% |           0      0.00%     99.62% |           0      0.00%     99.62% |           0      0.00%     99.62% |           0      0.00%     99.62% |      629392      0.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    167339715                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        16519                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    65.747079                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    55.296388                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    51.331392                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |       16077     97.32%     97.32% |         337      2.04%     99.36% |          18      0.11%     99.47% |          20      0.12%     99.59% |          50      0.30%     99.90% |          17      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        16519                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   2222306137                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.012501                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.002955                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.390636                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  2222305687    100.00%    100.00% |         393      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   2222306137                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2222298481                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.012246                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.002941                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.349723                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |  2219577138     99.88%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |     2721343      0.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2222298481                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         7656                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    75.072753                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    60.984457                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    57.514528                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        7206     94.12%     94.12% |         393      5.13%     99.26% |           8      0.10%     99.36% |           9      0.12%     99.48% |          33      0.43%     99.91% |           7      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         7656                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1413596                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.194581                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.027570                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.492114                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1413528    100.00%    100.00% |          54      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1413596                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1408592                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.059748                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.014430                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.770653                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |     1400176     99.40%     99.40% |           0      0.00%     99.40% |           0      0.00%     99.40% |           0      0.00%     99.40% |           0      0.00%     99.40% |        8416      0.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1408592                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5004                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    39.149281                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    38.474915                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    11.900879                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        4936     98.64%     98.64% |          54      1.08%     99.72% |          13      0.26%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         5004                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       802824                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.293824                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.031413                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.438145                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      802707     99.99%     99.99% |          86      0.01%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       802824                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       796857                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.016929                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.004068                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.411101                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |      795508     99.83%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |        1349      0.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       796857                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5967                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    38.271493                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    37.311198                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    13.794807                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        5850     98.04%     98.04% |          86      1.44%     99.48% |          29      0.49%     99.97% |           1      0.02%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         5967                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       802824                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      802824    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       802824                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       802824                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      802824    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       802824                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2869613158                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2869613158    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   2869613158                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        98478                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.151912                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.097282                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.020246                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       98233     99.75%     99.75% |         146      0.15%     99.90% |          83      0.08%     99.98% |          16      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        98478                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples        98438                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.010362                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.002488                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.321733                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |       98336     99.90%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |         102      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total        98438                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples        98438                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.007690                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.005746                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.220526                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       98291     99.85%     99.85% |          69      0.07%     99.92% |          11      0.01%     99.93% |           3      0.00%     99.93% |          64      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total        98438                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples        98438                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000335                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000319                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.029036                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       98436    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total        98438                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples        98438                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean     1.124911                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev     1.901086                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |       51478     52.29%     52.29% |       31613     32.11%     84.41% |        3226      3.28%     87.69% |          10      0.01%     87.70% |          12      0.01%     87.71% |           3      0.00%     87.71% |       12096     12.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total        98438                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     12415008                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999918                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999783                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.028663                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         102      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    12414906    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     12415008                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        50544                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   118.446858                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   113.213425                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    56.004944                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       46527     92.05%     92.05% |        3100      6.13%     98.19% |         207      0.41%     98.60% |         236      0.47%     99.06% |         391      0.77%     99.84% |          83      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        50544                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples        50544                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.010031                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.001800                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.398638                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |       50511     99.93%     99.93% |           1      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           1      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |          31      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total        50544                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples        50544                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.010723                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.006481                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.422873                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       50500     99.91%     99.91% |          13      0.03%     99.94% |          23      0.05%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           8      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total        50544                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples        50544                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000415                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000395                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.032380                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       50542    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total        50544                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples        50544                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean    85.425689                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::gmean    79.094911                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev    56.011675                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |       49450     97.84%     97.84% |         221      0.44%     98.27% |         234      0.46%     98.74% |         262      0.52%     99.25% |         374      0.74%     99.99% |           3      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total        50544                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    480327282                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   480327282    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    480327282                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        73740                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.406591                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.400163                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.717068                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       73700     99.95%     99.95% |           2      0.00%     99.95% |          22      0.03%     99.98% |          16      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        73740                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      9054415                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999990                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999974                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.009970                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           9      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9054406    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      9054415                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        40136                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   119.630407                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   114.442977                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.700046                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       37056     92.33%     92.33% |        2327      5.80%     98.12% |         181      0.45%     98.57% |         205      0.51%     99.09% |         308      0.77%     99.85% |          59      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        40136                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    166710263                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   166710263    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    166710263                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        10135                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.700148                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.585754                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.911594                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        9975     98.42%     98.42% |         118      1.16%     99.59% |          42      0.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        10135                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       629452                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999047                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.997486                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.097628                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          60      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |      629392     99.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       629452                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         6384                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   111.860902                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   106.532296                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    57.781510                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        5942     93.08%     93.08% |         337      5.28%     98.36% |          18      0.28%     98.64% |          20      0.31%     98.95% |          50      0.78%     99.73% |          17      0.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         6384                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2219577138                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2219577138    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   2219577138                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3818                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.252750                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.249422                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.475520                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3808     99.74%     99.74% |          10      0.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3818                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2721343                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2721343    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2721343                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3838                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   116.674831                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   111.501692                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.926741                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        3388     88.28%     88.28% |         393     10.24%     98.51% |           8      0.21%     98.72% |           9      0.23%     98.96% |          33      0.86%     99.82% |           7      0.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3838                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1400176                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1400176    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1400176                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         4935                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    37.905775                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    37.851577                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.987353                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4925     99.80%     99.80% |           5      0.10%     99.90% |           5      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         4935                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         8416                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        8416    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         8416                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           69                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   128.086957                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   123.745745                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    44.668300                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           1      1.45%      1.45% |          54     78.26%     79.71% |          13     18.84%     98.55% |           0      0.00%     98.55% |           0      0.00%     98.55% |           0      0.00%     98.55% |           0      0.00%     98.55% |           1      1.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           69                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       795508                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      795508    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       795508                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5850                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.552137                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.447737                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.762701                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        5815     99.40%     99.40% |          21      0.36%     99.76% |          14      0.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5850                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1349                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1349    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1349                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          117                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   124.239316                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   120.301386                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    42.415159                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          86     73.50%     73.50% |          29     24.79%     98.29% |           1      0.85%     99.15% |           0      0.00%     99.15% |           0      0.00%     99.15% |           0      0.00%     99.15% |           1      0.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          117                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       802791                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      802791    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       802791                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           33                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          33    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           33                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |       15988     57.89%     57.89% |       11631     42.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total        27619                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |       66097     54.38%     54.38% |       55460     45.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total       121557                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT     |        6653     51.11%     51.11% |        6365     48.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT::total        13018                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS |       30444     55.48%     55.48% |       24431     44.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS::total        54875                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM |       51533     54.74%     54.74% |       42614     45.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM::total        94147                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean |        1761     49.56%     49.56% |        1792     50.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean::total         3553                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty |          31     59.62%     59.62% |          21     40.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty::total           52                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |        2678     52.66%     52.66% |        2407     47.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total         5085                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |        2183     50.45%     50.45% |        2144     49.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total         4327                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       49333     50.14%     50.14% |       49058     49.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        98391                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        1440     50.00%     50.00% |        1440     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2880                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       74644     50.33%     50.33% |       73652     49.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       148296                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       52987     50.15%     50.15% |       52663     49.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       105650                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack     |      202676     50.13%     50.13% |      201641     49.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack::total       404317                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data |         352     55.09%     55.09% |         287     44.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total          639                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |       50773     50.14%     50.14% |       50498     49.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total       101271                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks |          28     71.79%     71.79% |          11     28.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks::total           39                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX |        9398     61.37%     61.37% |        5916     38.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX::total        15314                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS |       10572     56.59%     56.59% |        8110     43.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS::total        18682                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT  |        1792     49.71%     49.71% |        1813     50.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT::total         3605                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.DMA_WRITE |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX |        3187     56.85%     56.85% |        2419     43.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX::total         5606                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS |       33128     56.31%     56.31% |       25708     43.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS::total        58836                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT  |        4861     51.64%     51.64% |        4552     48.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT::total         9413                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ |         352     55.09%     55.09% |         287     44.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ::total          639                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX  |           8     66.67%     66.67% |           4     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX::total           12                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS  |        1401     49.77%     49.77% |        1414     50.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS::total         2815                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX  |        3303     50.37%     50.37% |        3255     49.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX::total         6558                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS  |       20951     50.90%     50.90% |       20208     49.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS::total        41159                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ |       48981     50.11%     50.11% |       48771     49.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ::total        97752                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE |        1376     50.00%     50.00% |        1376     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE::total         2752                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX |          91     73.98%     73.98% |          32     26.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX::total          123                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS |          28     71.79%     71.79% |          11     28.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS::total           39                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS |       28923     55.73%     55.73% |       22974     44.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS::total        51897                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM |       51505     54.73%     54.73% |       42603     45.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM::total        94108                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS |          91     73.98%     73.98% |          32     26.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS::total          123                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM |          28     71.79%     71.79% |          11     28.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM::total           39                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS |          29     72.50%     72.50% |          11     27.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS::total           40                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks |          28     71.79%     71.79% |          11     28.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks::total           39                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS |        1401     49.77%     49.77% |        1414     50.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS::total         2815                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data |       24262     50.83%     50.83% |       23467     49.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data::total        47729                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data |        1401     49.77%     49.77% |        1414     50.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data::total         2815                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack |        5696     50.00%     50.00% |        5696     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack::total        11392                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Data |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Data::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |        1440     50.00%     50.00% |        1440     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total         2880                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data |       48981     50.11%     50.11% |       48771     49.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data::total        97752                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack |      195864     50.11%     50.11% |      195000     49.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack::total       390864                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack |        1056     55.09%     55.09% |         861     44.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack::total         1917                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data |         352     55.09%     55.09% |         287     44.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data::total          639                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |         352     55.09%     55.09% |         287     44.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total          639                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack |          60     41.67%     41.67% |          84     58.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack::total          144                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |       48981     50.11%     50.11% |       48771     49.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total        97752                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack |        1440     50.00%     50.00% |        1440     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack::total         2880                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           5     83.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS |          16     64.00%     64.00% |           9     36.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean |        1761     49.56%     49.56% |        1792     50.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean::total         3553                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty |          31     59.62%     59.62% |          21     40.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty::total           52                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |        2678     52.66%     52.66% |        2407     47.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total         5085                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |        2183     50.45%     50.45% |        2144     49.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total         4327                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack |          31     59.62%     59.62% |          21     40.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack::total           52                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack |       51516     50.15%     50.15% |       51202     49.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack::total       102718                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       98391    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        98391                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       98391    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          98391                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       98391    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        98391                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       98391    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        98391                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2880                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |   248581026     50.78%     50.78% |   239264366     48.88%     99.66% |      924546      0.19%     99.85% |      725658      0.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    489495596                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |  1114888680     50.17%     50.17% |  1099352682     49.47%     99.64% |     4559610      0.21%     99.84% |     3505167      0.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   2222306139                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    87160563     51.16%     51.16% |    82035969     48.15%     99.31% |      653916      0.38%     99.69% |      525036      0.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total    170375484                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       16993     89.12%     89.12% |        1892      9.92%     99.05% |         178      0.93%     99.98% |           4      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total        19067                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2  |     6015110     48.07%     48.07% |     6376721     50.96%     99.04% |       72514      0.58%     99.62% |       47641      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2::total     12511986                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |     5136101     52.98%     52.98% |     4535406     46.79%     99.77% |       15790      0.16%     99.93% |        6369      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      9693666                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |      834556     30.67%     30.67% |     1810801     66.54%     97.21% |       43113      1.58%     98.79% |       32873      1.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total      2721343                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1 |     5970657     48.09%     48.09% |     6346207     51.12%     99.21% |       58903      0.47%     99.68% |       39242      0.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1::total     12415009                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX |       18801     20.00%     20.00% |       24670     26.25%     46.25% |       24559     26.13%     72.38% |       25960     27.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX::total        93990                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS |      174402     23.01%     23.01% |      183564     24.22%     47.22% |      198522     26.19%     73.41% |      201552     26.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS::total       758040                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS |           8     20.51%     20.51% |          20     51.28%     71.79% |           1      2.56%     74.36% |          10     25.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS::total           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |      124075     38.47%     38.47% |       99820     30.95%     69.42% |       54753     16.98%     86.40% |       43867     13.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total       322515                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack |       11623     44.44%     44.44% |        7957     30.42%     74.86% |        2697     10.31%     85.17% |        3880     14.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack::total        26157                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        9157     50.94%     50.94% |        2801     15.58%     66.52% |        3098     17.23%     83.75% |        2921     16.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        17977                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data |       22046     42.35%     42.35% |       10990     21.11%     63.46% |        7694     14.78%     78.24% |       11330     21.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data::total        52060                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |       25808     32.74%     32.74% |       28221     35.80%     68.55% |       16374     20.77%     89.32% |        8418     10.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total        78821                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       11311     86.89%     86.89% |        1581     12.14%     99.03% |         124      0.95%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total        13018                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       24608     44.89%     44.89% |       11025     20.11%     65.00% |        7782     14.20%     79.20% |       11402     20.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total        54817                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers |       32450     34.45%     34.45% |       31010     32.92%     67.36% |       19395     20.59%     87.95% |       11350     12.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers::total        94205                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       41994     36.88%     36.88% |       34353     30.17%     67.04% |       19909     17.48%     84.53% |       17620     15.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       113876                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3495     45.65%     45.65% |        1982     25.89%     71.54% |        1457     19.03%     90.57% |         722      9.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         7656                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        7400     40.93%     40.93% |        3904     21.59%     62.52% |        4069     22.50%     85.02% |        2708     14.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total        18081                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX |       13226     24.84%     24.84% |       15461     29.03%     53.87% |       11405     21.42%     75.28% |       13163     24.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX::total        53255                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS |      154469     23.63%     23.63% |      152770     23.37%     47.00% |      166796     25.51%     72.51% |      179691     27.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS::total       653726                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |    82888786     61.90%     61.90% |    50740322     37.89%     99.79% |      149257      0.11%     99.90% |      130723      0.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total    133909088                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    87706473      8.06%      8.06% |   993470915     91.34%     99.40% |     3905968      0.36%     99.76% |     2582888      0.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total   1087666244                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        4074     44.47%     44.47% |        1764     19.26%     63.73% |        1709     18.66%     82.38% |        1614     17.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         9161                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement |        5682     93.93%     93.93% |         311      5.14%     99.07% |          54      0.89%     99.97% |           2      0.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement::total         6049                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2 |     3482942     57.65%     57.65% |     2486258     41.15%     98.80% |       45241      0.75%     99.55% |       27083      0.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2::total      6041524                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |     3318726     77.20%     77.20% |      972405     22.62%     99.82% |        5657      0.13%     99.95% |        2079      0.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      4298867                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |      145107      8.49%      8.49% |     1509236     88.25%     96.74% |       34763      2.03%     98.77% |       21041      1.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total      1710147                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX |        1600      8.06%      8.06% |        6234     31.40%     39.46% |        3586     18.06%     57.53% |        8431     42.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX::total        19851                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS |        1340      5.12%      5.12% |        6553     25.05%     30.18% |        7645     29.23%     59.40% |       10619     40.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS::total        26157                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |    32259472     99.87%     99.87% |        4353      0.01%     99.88% |       16459      0.05%     99.93% |       21888      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total     32302172                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch  |   961879677     99.83%     99.83% |      265298      0.03%     99.86% |      487531      0.05%     99.91% |      870320      0.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch::total    963502826                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |          45     31.03%     31.03% |          23     15.86%     46.90% |          11      7.59%     54.48% |          66     45.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total          145                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement |        3400     94.31%     94.31% |         176      4.88%     99.20% |          29      0.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement::total         3605                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2 |     1077988     97.78%     97.78% |        1504      0.14%     97.91% |        8811      0.80%     98.71% |       14179      1.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2::total      1102482                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |      478454     99.21%     99.21% |         643      0.13%     99.35% |        1157      0.24%     99.59% |        1996      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       482250                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |      598681     96.76%     96.76% |         631      0.10%     96.87% |        7577      1.22%     98.09% |       11816      1.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       618705                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX |        2399     15.70%     15.70% |        1833     12.00%     27.70% |        7731     50.60%     78.30% |        3315     21.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX::total        15278                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS |        3798     20.33%     20.33% |        2191     11.73%     32.06% |        9883     52.90%     84.96% |        2810     15.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS::total        18682                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    23309601     21.24%     21.24% |    86243460     78.60%     99.84% |      103263      0.09%     99.93% |       72592      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    109728916                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |    64463543     38.28%     38.28% |   103802819     61.64%     99.92% |      120555      0.07%     99.99% |       17759      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total    168404676                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |        5387     32.04%     32.04% |        6377     37.93%     69.97% |        3173     18.87%     88.85% |        1875     11.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total        16812                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        4301     80.30%     80.30% |        1017     18.99%     99.29% |          37      0.69%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total         5356                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2 |     1015405     22.97%     22.97% |     3399136     76.89%     99.86% |        4634      0.10%     99.96% |        1604      0.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2::total      4420779                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |      911519     22.82%     22.82% |     3080816     77.14%     99.96% |        1108      0.03%     99.99% |         432      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      3993875                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       90768     23.13%     23.13% |      300934     76.67%     99.80% |         773      0.20%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       392491                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX |          86     11.56%     11.56% |         137     18.41%     29.97% |         180     24.19%     54.17% |         341     45.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX::total          744                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS |        5069     15.20%     15.20% |       15283     45.84%     61.05% |        8862     26.58%     87.63% |        4124     12.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS::total        33338                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS |           1      9.09%      9.09% |           8     72.73%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           2     18.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |   105255120     51.50%     51.50% |    98029609     47.96%     99.46% |      623539      0.31%     99.77% |      477714      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total    204385982                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |    86832786     51.17%     51.17% |    81700255     48.15%     99.32% |      639778      0.38%     99.70% |      517341      0.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total    169690160                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement |        3610     88.98%     88.98% |         388      9.56%     98.55% |          58      1.43%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement::total         4057                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2 |      438775     46.32%     46.32% |      489823     51.71%     98.04% |       13828      1.46%     99.50% |        4775      0.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2::total       947201                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |      427402     46.52%     46.52% |      481542     52.42%     98.94% |        7868      0.86%     99.80% |        1862      0.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       918674                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX |        1490     30.65%     30.65% |        1005     20.67%     51.32% |        1657     34.08%     85.40% |         710     14.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX::total         4862                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS |        9726     37.21%     37.21% |        6767     25.89%     63.10% |        5336     20.42%     83.52% |        4308     16.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS::total        26137                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS |           7     25.00%     25.00% |          12     42.86%     67.86% |           1      3.57%     71.43% |           8     28.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS::total           28                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load   |     3318678     77.20%     77.20% |      972396     22.62%     99.82% |        5635      0.13%     99.95% |        2074      0.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load::total      4298783                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch |      145107      8.49%      8.49% |     1509236     88.25%     96.74% |       34763      2.03%     98.77% |       21041      1.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch::total      1710147                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store  |          48     57.14%     57.14% |           9     10.71%     67.86% |          22     26.19%     94.05% |           5      5.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store::total           84                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load   |      478452     99.22%     99.22% |         643      0.13%     99.35% |        1157      0.24%     99.59% |        1979      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load::total       482231                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch |      598681     96.76%     96.76% |         631      0.10%     96.87% |        7577      1.22%     98.09% |       11816      1.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch::total       618705                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store  |           2     10.53%     10.53% |           0      0.00%     10.53% |           0      0.00%     10.53% |          17     89.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load   |      911399     22.82%     22.82% |     3080789     77.15%     99.97% |         610      0.02%     99.99% |         426      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load::total      3993224                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch |       90768     23.13%     23.13% |      300934     76.67%     99.80% |         773      0.20%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch::total       392491                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store  |         120     18.43%     18.43% |          27      4.15%     22.58% |         498     76.50%     99.08% |           6      0.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store::total          651                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load  |      117246     41.85%     41.85% |      158371     56.53%     98.38% |        3931      1.40%     99.78% |         620      0.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load::total       280168                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store |      310156     48.58%     48.58% |      323171     50.61%     99.19% |        3937      0.62%     99.81% |        1242      0.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store::total       638506                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |       12390     41.05%     41.05% |        7315     24.24%     65.29% |        6561     21.74%     87.03% |        3916     12.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        30182                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        2463     41.63%     41.63% |         992     16.77%     58.39% |        1234     20.86%     79.25% |        1228     20.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         5917                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |        4937     40.59%     40.59% |        2912     23.94%     64.53% |        2835     23.31%     87.83% |        1480     12.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total        12164                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        3388     40.76%     40.76% |        1317     15.84%     56.60% |        2398     28.85%     85.44% |        1210     14.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         8313                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data   |        4122     44.59%     44.59% |        1773     19.18%     63.76% |        1731     18.72%     82.49% |        1619     17.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data::total         9245                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         141     28.66%     28.66% |          69     14.02%     42.68% |          33      6.71%     49.39% |         249     50.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total          492                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers |          47     28.66%     28.66% |          23     14.02%     42.68% |          11      6.71%     49.39% |          83     50.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers::total          164                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack   |        7922     46.61%     46.61% |        3529     20.76%     67.38% |        1734     10.20%     77.58% |        3810     22.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack::total        16995                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers |        6585     43.43%     43.43% |        2765     18.24%     61.67% |        2965     19.56%     81.22% |        2847     18.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers::total        15162                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |          38      4.34%      4.34% |          51      5.83%     10.17% |         769     87.89%     98.06% |          17      1.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total          875                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |          11     84.62%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      7.69%     92.31% |           1      7.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack   |        4217     16.51%     16.51% |        2996     11.73%     28.23% |       16131     63.14%     91.37% |        2204      8.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack::total        25548                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers |       20860     31.30%     31.30% |       25309     37.98%     69.28% |       13538     20.31%     89.59% |        6937     10.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total        66644                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |         528     28.60%     28.60% |         439     23.78%     52.38% |         718     38.89%     91.28% |         161      8.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total         1846                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack  |        2207     38.42%     38.42% |        1119     19.48%     57.89% |        1989     34.62%     92.52% |         430      7.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack::total         5745                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers |        4948     40.63%     40.63% |        2912     23.91%     64.55% |        2836     23.29%     87.84% |        1481     12.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total        12177                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack    |       75052     37.35%     37.35% |       79065     39.35%     76.71% |       18521      9.22%     85.92% |       28283     14.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack::total       200921                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack |        6670     66.68%     66.68% |        1213     12.13%     78.81% |        1389     13.89%     92.69% |         731      7.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack::total        10003                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |        2572     91.37%     91.37% |          36      1.28%     92.65% |         133      4.72%     97.37% |          74      2.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total         2815                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data |       22046     42.35%     42.35% |       10990     21.11%     63.46% |        7694     14.78%     78.24% |       11330     21.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data::total        52060                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |       20871     31.31%     31.31% |       25309     37.97%     69.28% |       13539     20.31%     89.59% |        6938     10.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total        66657                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |         218     84.50%     84.50% |          18      6.98%     91.47% |          17      6.59%     98.06% |           5      1.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total          258                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch |         934     27.54%     27.54% |         867     25.56%     53.10% |         986     29.07%     82.16% |         605     17.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch::total         3392                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack    |       18758     54.66%     54.66% |        4410     12.85%     67.51% |        7386     21.52%     89.03% |        3765     10.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack::total        34319                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack |        4953     30.66%     30.66% |        6744     41.75%     72.41% |        1308      8.10%     80.51% |        3149     19.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack::total        16154                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks |       24608     44.89%     44.89% |       11025     20.11%     65.00% |        7782     14.20%     79.20% |       11402     20.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks::total        54817                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers |          10     17.24%     17.24% |           1      1.72%     18.97% |          45     77.59%     96.55% |           2      3.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers::total           58                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load   |          15    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load::total           15                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack |        3400     94.31%     94.31% |         176      4.88%     99.20% |          29      0.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack::total         3605                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           7     87.50%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |        7911     84.04%     84.04% |        1405     14.93%     98.97% |          95      1.01%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total         9413                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1 |     3463833     57.64%     57.64% |     2481641     41.30%     98.94% |       40420      0.67%     99.62% |       23120      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      6009014                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |     1077135     97.84%     97.84% |        1274      0.12%     97.95% |        8734      0.79%     98.75% |       13812      1.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      1100955                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |     1002287     22.85%     22.85% |     3381750     77.10%     99.95% |        1881      0.04%     99.99% |         448      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      4386366                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |      427402     46.52%     46.52% |      481542     52.42%     98.94% |        7868      0.86%     99.80% |        1862      0.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       918674                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.957830                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2957830419000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               56108301312501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 119023                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   199748                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              227455896                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2103872                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 13003.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1547770948                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2597516221                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      6766592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           6766592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3785536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        3785536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       105728                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             105728                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        59149                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             59149                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2287688                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              2287688                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1279835                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             1279835                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3567523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             3567523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     105728                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     59149                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   105728                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   59149                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               6762304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   4288                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                3782400                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                6766592                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             3785536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    67                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   22                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            10614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             9691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             9602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             8410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             4689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             3041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             3191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             3466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             3843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             3887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            3760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            4530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            8722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           10127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            9068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            9020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             6793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             6608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             6634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             5930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             2046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             1071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9              570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10             655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            1416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            5350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            6798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            6645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            6477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 2957826768000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               105728                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               59149                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 104823                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    834                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                  1348                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                  1542                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                  3503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                  3524                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                  3520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                  3519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                  3518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                  3518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                  3514                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                  3520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                  3518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                  3511                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                  3510                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                  3510                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                  3509                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                  3508                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                  3508                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                  3508                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        33037                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   319.184430                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.963121                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   376.147278                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        15885     48.08%     48.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6334     19.17%     67.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1882      5.70%     72.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          923      2.79%     75.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          524      1.59%     77.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          463      1.40%     78.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          354      1.07%     79.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          360      1.09%     80.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         6312     19.11%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        33037                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         3508                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     32.464937                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   205.149504                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-511         3493     99.57%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023           11      0.31%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            2      0.06%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         3508                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         3508                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.847206                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.817581                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.008957                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16            1981     56.47%     56.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             179      5.10%     61.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            1262     35.97%     97.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              79      2.25%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               4      0.11%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      0.06%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         3508                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   877372731                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             2858516481                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 528305000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     8303.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               27053.66                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        2.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        1.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     2.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     1.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.07                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   81015                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  50711                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                76.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               85.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                  17939595.99                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   79.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy               124482960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                67922250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              436901400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy             195164640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        193438932960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         83109946680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1704071554500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1981444905390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           669.039763                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2832803021000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  98768540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  26260787750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy               145658520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                79476375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              452813400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy             187803360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        193438932960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         86739948360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1700887342500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1981931975475                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           669.204223                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2827953238250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  98768540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  31111085500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      6684800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           6684800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3751872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3751872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       104450                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             104450                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        58623                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             58623                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2260035                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              2260035                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1268454                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             1268454                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3528489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             3528489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     104450                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     58623                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   104450                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   58623                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               6680000                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   4800                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3749568                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                6684800                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3751872                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    75                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                   21                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            10517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             9666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             9555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             8381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             4651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             3020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             3078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             3338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             3758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             3785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            3669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            4244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            8677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           10122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            9000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            8914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             6727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             6590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             6602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             5908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             2029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6              553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             1078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9              551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10             660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            1153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            5334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            6782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            6615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            6478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 2957825196500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               104450                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               58623                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 103549                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    821                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                  1398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                  1584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                  3473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                  3484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                  3488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                  3483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                  3477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                  3477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                  3476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                  3476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                  3477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                  3471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                  3472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                  3471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                  3471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                  3471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                  3471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                  3471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        32163                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   324.282188                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   166.950019                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   379.238436                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        15476     48.12%     48.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5927     18.43%     66.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1846      5.74%     72.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          908      2.82%     75.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          552      1.72%     76.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          436      1.36%     78.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          370      1.15%     79.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          355      1.10%     80.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         6293     19.57%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        32163                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         3471                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     32.459522                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   197.302496                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-511         3459     99.65%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            8      0.23%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            1      0.03%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047            1      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         3471                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         3471                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.878997                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.849149                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.011914                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16            1910     55.03%     55.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             162      4.67%     59.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            1316     37.91%     97.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              77      2.22%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               5      0.14%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         3471                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   869823486                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             2826854736                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 521875000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     8333.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               27083.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        2.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        1.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     2.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     1.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     26.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   80303                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  50500                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                76.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               86.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  18138043.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   80.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy               122358600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                66763125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              432822000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy             193985280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        193438932960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         83104643970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1704076206000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1981435711935                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           669.036658                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2832868567250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  98768540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  26195314500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy               140986440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                76927125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              446698200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy             185658480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        193438932960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         86174017875                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1701383772750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1981846993830                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           669.175529                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2828786341750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  98768540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  30277628000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      5912860361                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  769717046                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   1299658223                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           1005761751                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses             478402584                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                   18449392                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     87098999                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  1005761751                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                    478402584                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         2141514444                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         695385436                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads           753641679                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes          391465201                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           738663381                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          279422050                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    331201741                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  244949714                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  86252027                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2946321145.394211                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              2966539215.605789                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.501710                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.498290                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        118075512                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              1933878      0.15%      0.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                757392409     58.28%     58.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                 2607590      0.20%     58.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                 11364605      0.87%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd              194510749     14.97%     74.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     74.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                 647514      0.05%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               244949714     18.85%     93.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               86252027      6.64%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                1299658486                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      5915447085                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  759588394                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   1261409532                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            959553748                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             487222473                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   17380455                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     85807099                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   959553748                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    487222473                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         2019452319                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         646930605                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           776361939                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          398574709                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           717904225                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          276089250                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    317016431                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  235531173                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  81485258                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              2994656022.994297                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2920791062.005704                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.493757                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.506243                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        115199901                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1587907      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                728364219     57.74%     57.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                 2143203      0.17%     58.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                  8277591      0.66%     58.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              203599842     16.14%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                 420642      0.03%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               235531173     18.67%     93.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               81485258      6.46%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                1261409883                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      5914256511                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   12566640                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     24700800                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             23428065                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses               1347691                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     482254                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      1763213                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    23428065                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                      1347691                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           46989435                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          18728030                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads             2162542                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes            1153397                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            13359305                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            7712831                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      5597351                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    3307073                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   2290278                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              5859858717.686552                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              54397793.313448                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.009198                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.990802                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          2442216                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               173215      0.70%      0.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 17855807     72.29%     72.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   18558      0.08%     73.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    31349      0.13%     73.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                1024772      4.15%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 3307073     13.39%     90.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                2290278      9.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  24701068                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      5920461887                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    4328049                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      8823976                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              8657221                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3603                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     225196                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       695912                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     8657221                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         3603                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           17280902                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           7084325                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                5686                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               2788                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             5176409                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            2868752                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1983425                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    1234748                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    748677                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              5901285665.573685                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              19176221.426315                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.003239                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.996761                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           991714                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               108191      1.23%      1.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  6683731     75.74%     76.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   11842      0.13%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    34417      0.39%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   2596      0.03%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 1234748     13.99%     91.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 748677      8.48%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   8824234                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 8003                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                8003                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                9533                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               9533                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               986                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              986                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1900                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1400                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2016                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5878                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1060                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         8150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        14474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         4222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         9468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   37044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          650                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3404                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          219                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8341                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          796                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8618                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         6356                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         4075                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4116                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        15199                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         4416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2111                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        11115                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    47073                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              3924500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              7190982                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             8374500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             2966615                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             2996104                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             2953960                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             2884470                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1438399                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             3963500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             4377500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy            11730500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             7525000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages         1523                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      6238208                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs         1523                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           47                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       192512                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           47                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   5790226215                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000442                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  5790225084    100.00%    100.00% |        1131      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   5790226215                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     5790226215                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.047708                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.010668                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         0.963563                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  5790214073    100.00%    100.00% |        9490      0.00%    100.00% |         530      0.00%    100.00% |         623      0.00%    100.00% |        1189      0.00%    100.00% |         307      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       5790226215                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   5789812927                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.043067                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.010381                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.654841                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |  5764877879     99.57%     99.57% |           0      0.00%     99.57% |           0      0.00%     99.57% |           0      0.00%     99.57% |           0      0.00%     99.57% |    24935047      0.43%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   5789812927                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       413288                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    66.067776                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    54.101304                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    52.654834                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |      401146     97.06%     97.06% |        9490      2.30%     99.36% |         530      0.13%     99.49% |         623      0.15%     99.64% |        1189      0.29%     99.92% |         307      0.07%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       413288                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr          987                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits    330864800                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses      5201682                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    336066482                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits   1114875408                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses       843629                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1115719037                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      5981235                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        64076                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      6045311                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           248                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits    317892469                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      4614424                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    322506893                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits   1101340606                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses      1839478                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1103180084                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits      6386144                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        67758                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses      6453902                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           135                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      5488732                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses       115629                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      5604361                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits     17296405                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        64011                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses     17360416                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        90553                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        89087                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses       179640                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles           252                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1928165                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        56965                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1985130                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      5578034                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        48590                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5626624                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        62210                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        43345                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       105555                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.007719                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        64076                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          226                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       101301                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       414764                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         4156                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2        12567                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        12567                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         8411                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       300655                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        64076                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       512608                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1808                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      7293672                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      3318112                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       299232                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2       100536                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       100536                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        67288                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2405240                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       512608                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.007988                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        67758                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::3          310                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       108109                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       426980                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         2809                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2        11603                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        11603                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         8794                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       297170                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        67758                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       542064                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         2480                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      7783848                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      3415840                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       202248                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        92824                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        92824                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        70352                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2377360                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       542064                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.009631                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        89087                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::3           71                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::4       136335                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::4       449142                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         9293                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2        24656                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        24656                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5        15363                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       276142                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        89087                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       712696                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          568                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      9816120                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      3593136                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       669096                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2       197248                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       197248                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5       122904                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2209136                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       712696                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.006052                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        43345                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::3          338                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        69856                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::4       393349                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          113                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          176                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          176                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           63                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       321594                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        43345                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       346760                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         2704                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5029632                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      3146792                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         8136                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1408                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         1408                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          504                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2572752                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       346760                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.007719                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::2       140277                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::3          650                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1        49335                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::4        57165                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::4       202938                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         8310                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        50839                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2        24861                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        24861                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5        16551                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       190464                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       140277                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1122216                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         5200                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3552120                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4115880                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1623504                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       598320                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       406712                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2       198888                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       198888                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5       132408                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1523712                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      1122216                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.007434                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::2       123989                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::3          295                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1        49058                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::4        56030                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Control::4       201897                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         8061                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        50562                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2        24141                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        24141                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5        16080                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       174256                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       123989                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       991912                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         2360                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3532176                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4034160                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1615176                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       580392                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       404496                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2       193128                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       193128                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5       128640                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1394048                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       991912                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.004184                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        98393                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       101401                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7084296                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       811208                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized     0.006780                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Request_Control::2       264266                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Request_Control::3          945                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        98393                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::4       264399                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1044535                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5        16371                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       101401                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2        49002                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        49002                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5        32631                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1195561                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       264266                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2114128                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         7560                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7084296                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     19036728                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      8356280                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5      1178712                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       811208                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2       392016                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       392016                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5       261048                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      9564488                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      2114128                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       795633                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      1088374                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control      3133605                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data        49113                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control       705132                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Broadcast_Control      2755842                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control       792798                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      6365064                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data     78362928                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control     25068840                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data      3536136                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control      5641056                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Broadcast_Control     22046736                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control      6342384                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.008796                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          226                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        64000                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       151184                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        12567                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       300655                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1808                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4608000                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1209472                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       100536                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2405240                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.006642                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        64076                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        37301                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       263580                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         4156                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2        12567                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         8411                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        64076                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       512608                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2685672                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      2108640                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       299232                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2       100536                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        67288                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       512608                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.009194                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          310                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        67638                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       169971                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        11603                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       297170                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         2480                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4869936                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1359768                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        92824                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2377360                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.006782                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        67758                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        40471                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       257009                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         2809                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2        11603                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         8794                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        67758                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       542064                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2913912                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      2056072                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       202248                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        92824                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        70352                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       542064                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.011170                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           71                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        88921                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       220343                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        24656                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       276142                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          568                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      6402312                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1762744                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       197248                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2209136                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.008092                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        89087                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        47414                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       228799                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         9293                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2        24656                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5        15363                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        89087                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       712696                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3413808                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1830392                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       669096                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2       197248                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5       122904                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       712696                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006829                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          338                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        43071                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        98202                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          176                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       321594                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         2704                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3101112                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       785616                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         1408                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2572752                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.005275                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        43345                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        26785                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       295147                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          113                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          176                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           63                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        43345                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       346760                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1928520                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      2361176                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         8136                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1408                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          504                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       346760                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005530                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       140277                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          418                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       202938                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         8310                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        50839                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2        24861                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5        16551                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       140277                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1122216                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        30096                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1623504                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       598320                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       406712                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2       198888                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5       132408                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      1122216                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.009908                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3          650                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        49335                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        56747                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        24861                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       190464                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         5200                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3552120                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4085784                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       198888                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1523712                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005210                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       123989                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          351                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       201897                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         8061                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        50562                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2        24141                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5        16080                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       123989                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       991912                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        25272                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1615176                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       580392                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       404496                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2       193128                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5       128640                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       991912                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.009659                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3          295                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        49058                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        55679                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        24141                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       174256                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         2360                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3532176                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4008888                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       193128                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1394048                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.007510                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        98393                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7084296                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000857                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       101401                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       811208                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization     0.008796                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          226                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        64000                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       151184                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        12567                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       300655                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1808                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4608000                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1209472                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       100536                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2405240                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization     0.009194                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3          310                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        67638                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       169971                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        11603                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       297170                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         2480                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4869936                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1359768                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        92824                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2377360                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.link_utilization     0.011170                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::3           71                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4        88921                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::4       220343                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        24656                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       276142                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          568                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      6402312                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1762744                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       197248                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2209136                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.link_utilization     0.006829                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::3          338                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        43071                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::4        98202                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          176                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       321594                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         2704                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3101112                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       785616                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         1408                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2572752                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.link_utilization     0.005530                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2       140277                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::4          418                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::4       202938                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         8310                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        50839                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2        24861                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5        16551                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       140277                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1122216                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        30096                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1623504                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       598320                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       406712                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2       198888                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5       132408                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      1122216                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.link_utilization     0.005210                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2       123989                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::4          351                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::4       201897                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         8061                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        50562                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2        24141                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5        16080                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       123989                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       991912                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        25272                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1615176                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       580392                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       404496                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2       193128                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5       128640                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       991912                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.link_utilization     0.007510                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        98393                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7084296                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    982514585                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.204874                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.046560                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      2.003897                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   982506054    100.00%    100.00% |        6472      0.00%    100.00% |         441      0.00%    100.00% |         510      0.00%    100.00% |         897      0.00%    100.00% |         208      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     982514585                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    982213772                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.184739                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.045294                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.346572                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |   964068496     98.15%     98.15% |           0      0.00%     98.15% |           0      0.00%     98.15% |           0      0.00%     98.15% |           0      0.00%     98.15% |    18145275      1.85%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    982213772                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       300813                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    66.949517                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    54.430099                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    53.585810                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      292282     97.16%     97.16% |        6472      2.15%     99.32% |         441      0.15%     99.46% |         510      0.17%     99.63% |         897      0.30%     99.93% |         208      0.07%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       300813                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    337278866                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.048897                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.009758                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.258602                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   337277222    100.00%    100.00% |        1292      0.00%    100.00% |          50      0.00%    100.00% |          62      0.00%    100.00% |         170      0.00%    100.00% |          70      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     337278866                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    337222999                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.037704                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.009082                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.612875                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |   335951544     99.62%     99.62% |           0      0.00%     99.62% |           0      0.00%     99.62% |           0      0.00%     99.62% |           0      0.00%     99.62% |     1271455      0.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    337222999                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        55867                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    68.610915                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    57.579169                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    52.256616                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |       54223     97.06%     97.06% |        1292      2.31%     99.37% |          50      0.09%     99.46% |          62      0.11%     99.57% |         170      0.30%     99.87% |          70      0.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        55867                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   4464192298                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.012796                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.002983                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.426233                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  4464190518    100.00%    100.00% |        1560      0.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |         117      0.00%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   4464192298                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   4464164832                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.012314                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.002957                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.350699                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |  4458667591     99.88%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |     5497241      0.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   4464164832                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        27466                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    79.403881                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    65.036161                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    58.253074                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       25686     93.52%     93.52% |        1560      5.68%     99.20% |          34      0.12%     99.32% |          40      0.15%     99.47% |         117      0.43%     99.89% |          29      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        27466                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      2946848                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.221342                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.030122                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.764980                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     2946613     99.99%     99.99% |         178      0.01%    100.00% |          52      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      2946848                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2934292                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.059333                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.014329                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.767990                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |     2916882     99.41%     99.41% |           0      0.00%     99.41% |           0      0.00%     99.41% |           0      0.00%     99.41% |           0      0.00%     99.41% |       17410      0.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      2934292                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        12556                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    39.082192                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    38.101430                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    14.726984                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       12321     98.13%     98.13% |         178      1.42%     99.55% |          52      0.41%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           2      0.02%     99.98% |           2      0.02%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        12556                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1646809                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.413587                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.042806                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     4.456891                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |     1646007     99.95%     99.95% |         672      0.04%     99.99% |         109      0.01%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1646809                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1630223                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.022488                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.005407                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.473679                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |     1626557     99.78%     99.78% |           0      0.00%     99.78% |           0      0.00%     99.78% |           0      0.00%     99.78% |           0      0.00%     99.78% |        3666      0.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1630223                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        16586                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    39.854395                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    37.776629                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    21.389478                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       15784     95.16%     95.16% |         672      4.05%     99.22% |         109      0.66%     99.87% |           5      0.03%     99.90% |           3      0.02%     99.92% |           2      0.01%     99.93% |           3      0.02%     99.95% |           4      0.02%     99.98% |           2      0.01%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        16586                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1646809                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1646809    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total      1646809                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1646809                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1646809    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1646809                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   5764876906                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  5764876906    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   5764876906                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       250318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.142706                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.073486                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.357357                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      248904     99.44%     99.44% |        1411      0.56%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       250318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples       249331                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.030297                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.007421                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.546550                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |      248534     99.68%     99.68% |          52      0.02%     99.70% |           0      0.00%     99.70% |           0      0.00%     99.70% |           0      0.00%     99.70% |         745      0.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total       249331                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples       249331                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.010620                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.007653                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.313878                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      249132     99.92%     99.92% |         194      0.08%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total       249331                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples       249331                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000995                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000940                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.053429                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      249311     99.99%     99.99% |          20      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total       249331                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples       249331                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean     1.019753                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev     1.793480                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |      135424     54.31%     54.31% |       78905     31.65%     85.96% |        8596      3.45%     89.41% |          50      0.02%     89.43% |          54      0.02%     89.45% |          19      0.01%     89.46% |       26283     10.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total       249331                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     24936021                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999610                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.998971                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.062465                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         973      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    24935047    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     24936021                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       162970                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   115.103915                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   110.057117                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.249565                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      150828     92.55%     92.55% |        9490      5.82%     98.37% |         530      0.33%     98.70% |         623      0.38%     99.08% |        1189      0.73%     99.81% |         307      0.19%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       162970                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples       162970                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.023845                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.005158                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.541427                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |      162636     99.80%     99.80% |           2      0.00%     99.80% |           0      0.00%     99.80% |           0      0.00%     99.80% |           0      0.00%     99.80% |         238      0.15%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |          94      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total       162970                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples       162970                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.012426                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.007319                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.475077                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      162824     99.91%     99.91% |          52      0.03%     99.94% |          59      0.04%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |          35      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total       162970                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples       162970                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.001755                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.001653                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.073211                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      162951     99.99%     99.99% |          19      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total       162970                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples       162970                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean    82.065889                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::gmean    75.974034                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev    55.257338                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |      159693     97.99%     97.99% |         749      0.46%     98.45% |         577      0.35%     98.80% |         708      0.43%     99.24% |        1230      0.75%     99.99% |          11      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total       162970                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    964068465                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   964068465    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    964068465                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       178615                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.498849                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.468408                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.670558                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      177633     99.45%     99.45% |         980      0.55%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       178615                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     18145307                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999983                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999955                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.013073                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          31      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    18145275    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     18145307                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       122198                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   115.843860                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   110.803371                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.120739                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      113667     93.02%     93.02% |        6472      5.30%     98.32% |         441      0.36%     98.68% |         510      0.42%     99.09% |         897      0.73%     99.83% |         208      0.17%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       122198                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    335950697                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   335950697    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    335950697                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        31350                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.040159                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    35.903845                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.224126                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       30435     97.08%     97.08% |         539      1.72%     98.80% |         376      1.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        31350                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1272302                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.993343                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.982454                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.257930                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         847      0.07%      0.07% |           0      0.00%      0.07% |           0      0.00%      0.07% |           0      0.00%      0.07% |           0      0.00%      0.07% |     1271455     99.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1272302                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        24517                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   110.259289                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   105.331663                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.840839                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       22873     93.29%     93.29% |        1292      5.27%     98.56% |          50      0.20%     98.77% |          62      0.25%     99.02% |         170      0.69%     99.71% |          70      0.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        24517                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   4458667591                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  4458667591    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   4458667591                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        12252                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.314643                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.311041                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.493534                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       12226     99.79%     99.79% |          26      0.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        12252                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5497241                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5497241    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      5497241                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        15214                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   116.520047                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   111.468311                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.115280                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       13434     88.30%     88.30% |        1560     10.25%     98.55% |          34      0.22%     98.78% |          40      0.26%     99.04% |         117      0.77%     99.81% |          29      0.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        15214                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2916882                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2916882    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2916882                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        12318                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    37.314337                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    37.235689                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.387739                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       12292     99.79%     99.79% |          14      0.11%     99.90% |          12      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        12318                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        17410                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       17410    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        17410                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          238                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   130.579832                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   125.189237                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    51.219968                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           3      1.26%      1.26% |         178     74.79%     76.05% |          52     21.85%     97.90% |           0      0.00%     97.90% |           0      0.00%     97.90% |           0      0.00%     97.90% |           2      0.84%     98.74% |           2      0.84%     99.58% |           1      0.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          238                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1626557                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1626557    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1626557                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        15783                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    35.827726                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    35.718228                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.864053                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       15739     99.72%     99.72% |          43      0.27%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        15783                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3666                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3666    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3666                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          803                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   118.998755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   113.630532                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    52.047612                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           2      0.25%      0.25% |         671     83.56%     83.81% |         109     13.57%     97.38% |           5      0.62%     98.01% |           3      0.37%     98.38% |           2      0.25%     98.63% |           3      0.37%     99.00% |           4      0.50%     99.50% |           2      0.25%     99.75% |           2      0.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          803                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1646714                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1646714    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1646714                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           95                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          95    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           95                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |       31773     54.99%     54.99% |       26005     45.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total        57778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |      108720     52.57%     52.57% |       98074     47.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total       206794                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT     |       24861     50.73%     50.73% |       24141     49.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT::total        49002                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS |       45438     53.79%     53.79% |       39033     46.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS::total        84471                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM |       94839     52.75%     52.75% |       84956     47.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM::total       179795                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean |        6124     49.93%     49.93% |        6141     50.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean::total        12265                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty |         204     67.33%     67.33% |          99     32.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty::total          303                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |       10427     51.20%     51.20% |        9939     48.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total        20366                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |        8106     50.45%     50.45% |        7962     49.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total        16068                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       49335     50.14%     50.14% |       49058     49.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        98393                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        1504     50.00%     50.00% |        1504     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         3008                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      105728     50.30%     50.30% |      104450     49.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       210178                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       59149     50.22%     50.22% |       58623     49.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       117772                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack     |      202938     50.13%     50.13% |      201897     49.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack::total       404835                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data |         354     55.23%     55.23% |         287     44.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total          641                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |       50839     50.14%     50.14% |       50562     49.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total       101401                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks |         650     68.78%     68.78% |         295     31.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks::total          945                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX |       11703     59.88%     59.88% |        7842     40.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX::total        19545                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS |       16082     54.19%     54.19% |       13597     45.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS::total        29679                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT  |        6328     50.35%     50.35% |        6240     49.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT::total        12568                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.DMA_WRITE |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX |       10323     54.37%     54.37% |        8663     45.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX::total        18986                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS |       44770     54.15%     54.15% |       37913     45.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS::total        82683                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT  |       18533     50.87%     50.87% |       17901     49.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT::total        36434                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ |         354     55.23%     55.23% |         287     44.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ::total          641                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX  |         253     53.94%     53.94% |         216     46.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX::total          469                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS  |        5401     49.72%     49.72% |        5461     50.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS::total        10862                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX  |        9305     50.25%     50.25% |        9214     49.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX::total        18519                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS  |       41788     50.61%     50.61% |       40788     49.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS::total        82576                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ |       48981     50.11%     50.11% |       48771     49.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ::total        97752                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE |        1440     50.00%     50.00% |        1440     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE::total         2880                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX |         181     75.42%     75.42% |          59     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX::total          240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS |         650     68.78%     68.78% |         295     31.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS::total          945                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS |       39204     54.13%     54.13% |       33226     45.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS::total        72430                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM |       94189     52.67%     52.67% |       84653     47.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM::total       178842                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS |         181     78.02%     78.02% |          51     21.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS::total          232                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM::total            8                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM |         650     68.78%     68.78% |         295     31.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM::total          945                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS |         652     68.85%     68.85% |         295     31.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS::total          947                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks |         650     68.78%     68.78% |         295     31.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks::total          945                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS |        5401     49.72%     49.72% |        5461     50.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS::total        10862                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data |       51346     50.56%     50.56% |       50218     49.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data::total       101564                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data |        5401     49.72%     49.72% |        5461     50.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data::total        10862                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack |        5952     50.00%     50.00% |        5952     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack::total        11904                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Data |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Data::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |        1504     50.00%     50.00% |        1504     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total         3008                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data |       48981     50.11%     50.11% |       48771     49.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data::total        97752                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack |      195864     50.11%     50.11% |      195000     49.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack::total       390864                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack |        1062     55.23%     55.23% |         861     44.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack::total         1923                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data |         354     55.23%     55.23% |         287     44.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data::total          641                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |         354     55.23%     55.23% |         287     44.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total          641                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack |          60     41.67%     41.67% |          84     58.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack::total          144                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |       48981     50.11%     50.11% |       48771     49.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total        97752                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack |        1504     50.00%     50.00% |        1504     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack::total         3008                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX |           7     41.18%     41.18% |          10     58.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX::total           17                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS |          27     58.70%     58.70% |          19     41.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS::total           46                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean |        6124     49.93%     49.93% |        6141     50.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean::total        12265                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty |         204     67.33%     67.33% |          99     32.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty::total          303                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |       10427     51.20%     51.20% |        9939     48.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total        20366                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |        8106     50.45%     50.45% |        7962     49.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total        16068                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack |         204     67.33%     67.33% |          99     32.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack::total          303                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack |       57441     50.18%     50.18% |       57020     49.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack::total       114461                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       98393    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        98393                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       98393    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          98393                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       98393    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        98393                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       98393    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        98393                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         3008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |   248766151     50.46%     50.46% |   239938135     48.67%     99.12% |     3159087      0.64%     99.77% |     1155680      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    493019053                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |  1115719039     49.77%     49.77% |  1103180085     49.21%     98.97% |    17360418      0.77%     99.75% |     5626624      0.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   2241886166                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    87300363     50.42%     50.42% |    82568779     47.69%     98.11% |     2445291      1.41%     99.52% |      829490      0.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total    173143923                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       19428     28.64%     28.64% |       13063     19.25%     47.89% |       35136     51.79%     99.68% |         216      0.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total        67843                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2  |     6030743     47.43%     47.43% |     6438471     50.63%     98.06% |      159805      1.26%     99.32% |       86644      0.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2::total     12715663                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |     5142166     52.77%     52.77% |     4553178     46.72%     99.49% |       32111      0.33%     99.82% |       17669      0.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      9745124                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |      839381     30.24%     30.24% |     1833103     66.04%     96.27% |       58753      2.12%     98.39% |       44661      1.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total      2775898                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1 |     5981547     47.77%     47.77% |     6386281     51.00%     98.78% |       90864      0.73%     99.50% |       62330      0.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1::total     12521022                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX |       46842     25.38%     25.38% |       46060     24.95%     50.33% |       42716     23.14%     73.47% |       48971     26.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX::total       184589                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS |      253813     25.11%     25.11% |      251110     24.84%     49.94% |      233426     23.09%     73.03% |      272623     26.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS::total      1010972                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS |         226     23.92%     23.92% |         310     32.80%     56.72% |          71      7.51%     64.23% |         338     35.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS::total          945                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |      138796     23.46%     23.46% |      155814     26.34%     49.81% |      209262     35.38%     85.18% |       87640     14.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total       591512                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack |       12388     25.71%     25.71% |       14157     29.38%     55.09% |       11081     23.00%     78.08% |       10562     21.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack::total        48188                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |       10052     33.24%     33.24% |        7564     25.01%     58.25% |        6261     20.70%     78.96% |        6363     21.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        30240                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data |       24058     32.68%     32.68% |       15493     21.05%     53.73% |       20457     27.79%     81.52% |       13601     18.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data::total        73609                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |       29890     18.71%     18.71% |       44581     27.90%     46.61% |       62203     38.93%     85.54% |       23107     14.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total       159781                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       12567     25.65%     25.65% |       11603     23.68%     49.32% |       24656     50.32%     99.64% |         176      0.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total        49002                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       26801     31.90%     31.90% |       18585     22.12%     54.02% |       22190     26.41%     80.43% |       16444     19.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total        84020                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers |       37275     20.68%     20.68% |       49173     27.28%     47.96% |       66897     37.11%     85.08% |       26901     14.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers::total       180246                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       46143     24.68%     24.68% |       46916     25.10%     49.78% |       66018     35.32%     85.10% |       27860     14.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       186937                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        4248     21.44%     21.44% |        6375     32.18%     53.62% |        5258     26.54%     80.17% |        3929     19.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        19810                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        9137     20.64%     20.64% |       11384     25.72%     46.36% |       14557     32.89%     79.25% |        9186     20.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total        44264                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX |       36316     29.14%     29.14% |       33074     26.54%     55.68% |       22832     18.32%     74.00% |       32408     26.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX::total       124630                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS |      211860     24.93%     24.93% |      205522     24.19%     49.12% |      191273     22.51%     71.63% |      241125     28.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS::total       849780                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |    82918434     61.73%     61.73% |    50860902     37.86%     99.60% |      357875      0.27%     99.86% |      186043      0.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total    134323254                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    88234400      8.01%      8.01% |   997030277     90.45%     98.46% |    12509352      1.13%     99.59% |     4465667      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total   1102239696                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        4170     35.11%     35.11% |        2832     23.84%     58.95% |        2815     23.70%     82.66% |        2060     17.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        11877                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement |        6861     36.42%     36.42% |        1460      7.75%     44.16% |       10480     55.62%     99.79% |          40      0.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement::total        18841                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2 |     3489167     56.96%     56.96% |     2520627     41.15%     98.11% |       73099      1.19%     99.30% |       42805      0.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2::total      6125698                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |     3320008     77.00%     77.00% |      978767     22.70%     99.70% |        8882      0.21%     99.91% |        3853      0.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      4311510                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |      148172      8.44%      8.44% |     1530674     87.14%     95.58% |       46744      2.66%     98.24% |       30891      1.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total      1756481                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX |        2455     11.19%     11.19% |        6553     29.87%     41.06% |        4192     19.11%     60.18% |        8736     39.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX::total        21936                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS |       12949     26.87%     26.87% |       11860     24.61%     51.48% |       10502     21.79%     73.28% |       12877     26.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS::total        48188                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |    32268531     99.64%     99.64% |        6586      0.02%     99.66% |       77377      0.24%     99.90% |       32931      0.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total     32385425                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch  |   962158898     99.79%     99.79% |      275190      0.03%     99.81% |      825092      0.09%     99.90% |      967541      0.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch::total    964226721                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |          66     13.25%     13.25% |         114     22.89%     36.14% |         128     25.70%     61.85% |         190     38.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total          498                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement |        3960     31.51%     31.51% |        6990     55.62%     87.13% |        1584     12.60%     99.73% |          34      0.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement::total        12568                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2 |     1080127     97.16%     97.16% |        2243      0.20%     97.36% |       12017      1.08%     98.44% |       17303      1.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2::total      1111690                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |      478968     98.77%     98.77% |         937      0.19%     98.97% |        1879      0.39%     99.35% |        3136      0.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       484920                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |      600218     96.10%     96.10% |         981      0.16%     96.26% |        9887      1.58%     97.84% |       13464      2.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       624550                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX |        3165     16.63%     16.63% |        2788     14.65%     31.27% |        8252     43.35%     74.62% |        4832     25.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX::total        19037                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS |        7124     24.00%     24.00% |        7247     24.42%     48.42% |       10402     35.05%     83.47% |        4906     16.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS::total        29679                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    23337186     21.18%     21.18% |    86327424     78.36%     99.54% |      365457      0.33%     99.87% |      139651      0.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    110169718                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |    64481033     37.35%     37.35% |   104033060     60.27%     97.62% |     3959937      2.29%     99.92% |      143464      0.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total    172617494                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |        6507     19.58%     19.58% |       11579     34.84%     54.41% |       10148     30.53%     84.94% |        5004     15.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total        33238                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        4770     22.69%     22.69% |        1859      8.84%     31.53% |       14361     68.30%     99.82% |          37      0.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total        21027                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2 |     1017400     22.78%     22.78% |     3405037     76.24%     99.02% |       35385      0.79%     99.81% |        8276      0.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2::total      4466098                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |      912434     22.80%     22.80% |     3083439     77.05%     99.85% |        3257      0.08%     99.93% |        2744      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      4001874                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       90991     23.04%     23.04% |      301448     76.34%     99.39% |        2122      0.54%     99.92% |         306      0.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       394867                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX |         196      7.19%      7.19% |         977     35.83%     43.01% |         866     31.76%     74.77% |         688     25.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX::total         2727                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS |        9166     21.32%     21.32% |       16472     38.32%     59.65% |       10161     23.64%     83.29% |        7184     16.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS::total        42983                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS |           3      2.33%      2.33% |          33     25.58%     27.91% |           3      2.33%     30.23% |          90     69.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS::total          129                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |   105366578     50.94%     50.94% |    98470140     47.60%     98.54% |     2267933      1.10%     99.63% |      756648      0.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total    206861299                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |    86966127     50.45%     50.45% |    82213089     47.69%     98.14% |     2406770      1.40%     99.53% |      806405      0.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total    172392391                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement |        3837     24.90%     24.90% |        2754     17.87%     42.78% |        8711     56.54%     99.32% |         105      0.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement::total        15407                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2 |      444049     43.87%     43.87% |      510564     50.44%     94.31% |       39304      3.88%     98.20% |       18260      1.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2::total      1012177                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |      430756     45.50%     45.50% |      490035     51.76%     97.25% |       18093      1.91%     99.16% |        7936      0.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       946820                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX |        4710     28.97%     28.97% |        2668     16.41%     45.38% |        6574     40.43%     85.81% |        2307     14.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX::total        16259                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS |       12714     31.52%     31.52% |       10009     24.81%     56.33% |       11088     27.49%     83.81% |        6530     16.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS::total        40341                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS |         223     27.33%     27.33% |         277     33.95%     61.27% |          68      8.33%     69.61% |         248     30.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS::total          816                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load   |     3319706     77.01%     77.01% |      978636     22.70%     99.71% |        8609      0.20%     99.91% |        3817      0.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load::total      4310768                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch |      148172      8.44%      8.44% |     1530674     87.14%     95.58% |       46744      2.66%     98.24% |       30891      1.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch::total      1756481                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store  |         302     40.70%     40.70% |         131     17.65%     58.36% |         273     36.79%     95.15% |          36      4.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store::total          742                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load   |      478958     98.80%     98.80% |         931      0.19%     98.99% |        1841      0.38%     99.37% |        3052      0.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load::total       484782                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch |      600218     96.10%     96.10% |         981      0.16%     96.26% |        9887      1.58%     97.84% |       13464      2.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch::total       624550                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store  |          10      7.25%      7.25% |           6      4.35%     11.59% |          38     27.54%     39.13% |          84     60.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store::total          138                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load   |      912119     22.81%     22.81% |     3082747     77.08%     99.89% |        2123      0.05%     99.94% |        2305      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load::total      3999294                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch |       90991     23.04%     23.04% |      301448     76.34%     99.39% |        2122      0.54%     99.92% |         306      0.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch::total       394867                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store  |         315     12.21%     12.21% |         692     26.82%     39.03% |        1134     43.95%     82.98% |         439     17.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store::total         2580                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load  |      118189     39.93%     39.93% |      163582     55.26%     95.18% |       10933      3.69%     98.88% |        3322      1.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load::total       296026                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store |      312567     48.03%     48.03% |      326453     50.16%     98.19% |        7160      1.10%     99.29% |        4614      0.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store::total       650794                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |       15009     18.51%     18.51% |       17759     21.90%     40.41% |       32069     39.55%     79.97% |       16242     20.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        81079                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        2809     41.56%     41.56% |        1383     20.46%     62.02% |        1310     19.38%     81.40% |        1257     18.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         6759                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |        6328     16.87%     16.87% |       10001     26.67%     43.54% |       13247     35.32%     78.86% |        7929     21.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total        37505                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        3825     30.20%     30.20% |        2720     21.48%     51.68% |        4317     34.09%     85.76% |        1803     14.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        12665                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data   |        4472     35.44%     35.44% |        2963     23.48%     58.92% |        3088     24.47%     83.39% |        2096     16.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data::total        12619                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         228     11.95%     11.95% |         360     18.87%     30.82% |         498     26.10%     56.92% |         822     43.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total         1908                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers |          76     11.95%     11.95% |         120     18.87%     30.82% |         166     26.10%     56.92% |         274     43.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers::total          636                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack   |        8545     42.38%     42.38% |        4599     22.81%     65.20% |        2821     13.99%     79.19% |        4196     20.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack::total        20161                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers |        7281     37.57%     37.57% |        4346     22.43%     60.00% |        4398     22.70%     82.70% |        3353     17.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers::total        19378                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |          63      5.60%      5.60% |         156     13.88%     19.48% |         869     77.31%     96.80% |          36      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total         1124                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |          11     11.46%     11.46% |           5      5.21%     16.67% |          65     67.71%     84.38% |          15     15.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total           96                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack   |        6383     16.25%     16.25% |        6352     16.17%     32.42% |       21742     55.35%     87.78% |        4801     12.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack::total        39278                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers |       23551     19.28%     19.28% |       34575     28.30%     47.57% |       48891     40.02%     87.59% |       15163     12.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total       122180                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |        1143     15.80%     15.80% |        2481     34.29%     50.08% |        2195     30.33%     80.42% |        1417     19.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total         7236                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack  |        3307     17.46%     17.46% |        7353     38.81%     56.27% |        4957     26.17%     82.43% |        3328     17.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack::total        18945                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers |        6339     16.86%     16.86% |       10006     26.61%     43.47% |       13312     35.40%     78.87% |        7944     21.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total        37601                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack    |       82211     22.45%     22.45% |      108844     29.72%     52.18% |      123769     33.80%     85.98% |       51348     14.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack::total       366172                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack |        7203     25.27%     25.27% |        6654     23.34%     48.61% |        8377     29.39%     78.00% |        6271     22.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack::total        28505                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |        2771     25.51%     25.51% |        3218     29.63%     55.14% |        1863     17.15%     72.29% |        3010     27.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total        10862                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data |       24058     32.68%     32.68% |       15493     21.05%     53.73% |       20457     27.79%     81.52% |       13601     18.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data::total        73609                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |       23562     19.27%     19.27% |       34580     28.28%     47.55% |       48956     40.04%     87.59% |       15178     12.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total       122276                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |         220     57.59%     57.59% |         107     28.01%     85.60% |          40     10.47%     96.07% |          15      3.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total          382                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch |        1077     16.46%     16.46% |        2079     31.78%     48.24% |        2024     30.94%     79.18% |        1362     20.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch::total         6542                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          10     19.23%     19.23% |           2      3.85%     23.08% |          40     76.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total           52                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack    |       19288     37.60%     37.60% |        7827     15.26%     52.85% |       19089     37.21%     90.06% |        5100      9.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack::total        51304                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack |        5185     26.34%     26.34% |        7503     38.12%     64.46% |        2704     13.74%     78.20% |        4291     21.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack::total        19683                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks |       26801     31.90%     31.90% |       18585     22.12%     54.02% |       22190     26.41%     80.43% |       16444     19.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks::total        84020                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers |          28      6.21%      6.21% |         126     27.94%     34.15% |         130     28.82%     62.97% |         167     37.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers::total          451                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load   |          17     94.44%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack |        3960     31.51%     31.51% |        6990     55.62%     87.13% |        1584     12.60%     99.73% |          34      0.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack::total        12568                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           7     30.43%     30.43% |           8     34.78%     65.22% |           8     34.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Ifetch::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           8     47.06%     47.06% |           3     17.65%     64.71% |           6     35.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total           17                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |        8607     23.62%     23.62% |        4613     12.66%     36.28% |       23072     63.33%     99.61% |         142      0.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total        36434                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1 |     3468180     57.16%     57.16% |     2509441     41.36%     98.51% |       55626      0.92%     99.43% |       34744      0.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      6067991                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |     1079186     97.27%     97.27% |        1918      0.17%     97.44% |       11766      1.06%     98.50% |       16600      1.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      1109470                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |     1003425     22.82%     22.82% |     3384887     76.99%     99.81% |        5379      0.12%     99.93% |        3050      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      4396741                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |      430756     45.50%     45.50% |      490035     51.76%     97.25% |       18093      1.91%     99.16% |        7936      0.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       946820                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
