
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.924755                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3924755033500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               55163753842501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 132415                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   225532                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              257082737                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1873276                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15266.51                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2021512524                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3443092851                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       353856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            353856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0       108096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         108096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0         5529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               5529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0         1689                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1689                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0        90160                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total                90160                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0        27542                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total               27542                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0       117702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total              117702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                       5529                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      1689                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                     5529                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    1689                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                350720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   3136                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 107456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                 353856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              108096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    49                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0              534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1              402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2              424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3              326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4              342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5              451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6              321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7              331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8              362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9              202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10             235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11             346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12             258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13             262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14             266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15             418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2               41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3               26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4               49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5               88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6               35                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7               55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9              109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10              28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11             114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14             130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15             120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 3924755048500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                 5529                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                1689                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                   5466                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                     14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                   100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                   102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                   106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                   101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples         2824                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   162.243626                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   104.118675                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   218.493830                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1825     64.62%     64.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255          554     19.62%     84.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          140      4.96%     89.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511           74      2.62%     91.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639           42      1.49%     93.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767           35      1.24%     94.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           45      1.59%     96.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           29      1.03%     97.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           80      2.83%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total         2824                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples           98                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     95.020408                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   415.235320                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           96     97.96%     97.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      1.02%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      1.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total           98                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples           98                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.132653                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.082783                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.336542                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16              53     54.08%     54.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18              28     28.57%     82.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              15     15.31%     97.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      1.02%     98.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      1.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total           98                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                    54093500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              156843500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                  27400000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     9871.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               28621.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                    3312                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   1023                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                60.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               60.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                 543745504.09                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   60.48                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                16881480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                 9211125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy               37814400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy               4665600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        256594965120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         88159201335                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        2279808329250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2624631068310                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           668.088445                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3790648859250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 131056120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3047768250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                16284240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                 8885250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy               34944000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy               6214320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        256594965120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         87960743865                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        2279982414750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2624604451545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           668.081670                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3791080539001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 131056120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2616088499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       309568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            309568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1        97408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total          97408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1         4837                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               4837                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1         1522                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              1522                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1        78876                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total                78876                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1        24819                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total               24819                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1       103695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total              103695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                       4837                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      1522                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                     4837                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    1522                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                306624                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   2944                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                  96000                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                 309568                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys               97408                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    46                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                   12                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0              464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1              340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2              388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3              309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4              321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5              397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6              291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7              272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8              287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9              159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10             231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11             331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12             235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13             217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14             209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15             340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2               34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3               34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4               52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5               76                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6               30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7               39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8              116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9               98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10              18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11             108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14             119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15             105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 3924755104500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                 4837                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                1522                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                   4781                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                    51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                    94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples         2346                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   171.621483                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   107.693780                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   230.854210                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1480     63.09%     63.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255          468     19.95%     83.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          123      5.24%     88.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511           54      2.30%     90.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639           44      1.88%     92.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767           30      1.28%     93.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           40      1.71%     95.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           27      1.15%     96.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           80      3.41%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total         2346                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples           87                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     99.229885                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   443.492736                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           83     95.40%     95.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      3.45%     98.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      1.15%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total           87                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples           87                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.241379                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.198260                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.229157                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16              41     47.13%     47.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18              30     34.48%     81.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              16     18.39%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total           87                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                    46733749                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              136564999                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                  23955000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     9754.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               28504.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.08                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     27.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                    2968                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                    977                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                61.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               64.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                 617196902.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   62.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                15354360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                 8377875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy               34975200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy               4192560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        256594965120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         88083343170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        2279874871500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2624616079785                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           668.084630                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3790806802750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 131056120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2892181750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                14424480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                 7870500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy               32448000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy               5527440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        256594965120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         87818264100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        2280107388750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2624580888390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           668.075675                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3791330104500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 131056120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2366509250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2       298624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total            298624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2        92992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total          92992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2         4666                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total               4666                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2         1453                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total              1453                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2        76087                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total                76087                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2        23694                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total               23694                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2        99781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total               99781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                       4666                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                      1453                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                     4666                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                    1453                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                297280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                  91840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                 298624                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys               92992                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0              458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1              312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2              372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3              314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4              321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5              377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6              270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7              263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8              273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9              159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10             201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11             314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12             250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13             209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14             205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15             347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0              225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1              144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2               18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3               29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4               52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5               64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6               30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7               38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8              105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9               98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10              10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11              99                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12             133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13             166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14             117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15             107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 3924754791500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                 4666                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                1453                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                   4631                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                     14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                    90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples         2165                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   179.761663                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.452723                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   241.398104                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1353     62.49%     62.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255          408     18.85%     81.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383          128      5.91%     87.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511           56      2.59%     89.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639           37      1.71%     91.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767           34      1.57%     93.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895           34      1.57%     94.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           29      1.34%     96.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           86      3.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total         2165                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples           83                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean    102.204819                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   453.044088                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           79     95.18%     95.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      3.61%     98.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      1.20%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total           83                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples           83                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.289157                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.229992                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.461123                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16              43     51.81%     51.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18              19     22.89%     74.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19              17     20.48%     95.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20               3      3.61%     98.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      1.20%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total           83                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                    44059999                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              131153749                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                  23225000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                     9485.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               28235.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.08                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     24.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                    2947                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                    968                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                63.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               66.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                 641404607.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   64.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                14409360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                 7862250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy               34218600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy               3888000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        256594965120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy         87968296080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        2279975790000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          2624599429410                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           668.080392                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3790960906750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF 131056120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2739373750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                14099400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                 7693125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy               32019000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy               5410800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        256594965120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy         87713754885                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        2280199071750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          2624567014080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           668.072141                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3791432242750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF 131056120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2264384750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3       298496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            298496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3        86976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total          86976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3         4664                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total               4664                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3         1359                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total              1359                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3        76055                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total                76055                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3        22161                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total               22161                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3        98216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total               98216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                       4664                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                      1359                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                     4664                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                    1359                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                297088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   1408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                  85504                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                 298496                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys               86976                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0              472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1              334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2              363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3              311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4              313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5              368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6              255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7              273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8              278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9              148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10             210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11             314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12             248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13             205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14             202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15             348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0              221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1              142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2               13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3               18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4               42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5               57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6               25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8              101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9               84                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10              11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11              90                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12             122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13             156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14             116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15              98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 3924761322000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                 4664                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                1359                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                   4628                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                     14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples         2090                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   183.027751                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.025809                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   243.203079                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1295     61.96%     61.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255          392     18.76%     80.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383          120      5.74%     86.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511           64      3.06%     89.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639           39      1.87%     91.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767           41      1.96%     93.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895           25      1.20%     94.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           30      1.44%     95.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           84      4.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total         2090                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples           77                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean    108.792208                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   466.920210                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           68     88.31%     88.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      5.19%     93.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3      3.90%     97.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      1.30%     98.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      1.30%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total           77                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples           77                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.350649                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.287108                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.519749                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16              39     50.65%     50.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18              18     23.38%     74.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19              15     19.48%     93.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20               3      3.90%     97.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      1.30%     98.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      1.30%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total           77                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                    45614000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              132651500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                  23210000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                     9826.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               28576.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.08                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                    2941                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                    946                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                63.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               69.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                 651628975.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   64.79                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                13895280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                 7581750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy               33922200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy               3615840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        256594965120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy         88037390340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        2279915181000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          2624606551530                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           668.082205                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3790888469750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF 131056120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2812674500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                13668480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                 7458000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy               31987800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy               5041440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        256594965120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy         87739075710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        2280176852250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          2624569048800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           668.072661                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3791426120250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF 131056120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2270493500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      7849937843                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   19777006                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     35168243                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             29756650                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses               8399337                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     629063                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      2093087                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    29756650                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                      8399337                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           57499045                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          22692018                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            14064330                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes            7474281                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            14473917                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           10612368                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      7877498                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    5833296                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   2044202                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              7769217677.222014                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              80720165.777986                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.010283                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.989717                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          2883124                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               130705      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 23285760     66.21%     66.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  214743      0.61%     67.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    41373      0.12%     67.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                3618219     10.29%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 5833296     16.59%     94.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                2044202      5.81%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  35168298                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      7851152172                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                 1994112528                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   3392169776                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           2756829195                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses            1010088517                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   49914167                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts    199783608                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  2756829195                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                   1010088517                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         5216833429                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        2052003216                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads          1701898740                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          899765659                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads          1288280209                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes         1039129989                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    738078488                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  571711877                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                 166366611                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              69664375.628221                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              7781487796.371778                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.991127                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.008873                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        261103505                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1507162      0.04%      0.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu               2188714051     64.52%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                24040562      0.71%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   210301      0.01%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              439619365     12.96%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               571711877     16.85%     95.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite              166366611      4.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                3392169929                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      7844437384                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    2799912                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      6039878                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              5906286                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     165881                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       426696                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     5906286                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           11996290                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           4903341                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             3411735                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1794225                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1435924                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     894757                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    541167                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              7830990595.502748                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              13446788.497253                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.001714                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.998286                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           646336                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               113651      1.88%      1.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  4437987     73.48%     75.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   12281      0.20%     75.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    40041      0.66%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  894757     14.81%     91.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 541167      8.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   6039884                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      7852695959                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    3445366                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      7175195                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              7035401                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1952                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     185639                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       524450                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     7035401                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         1952                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           14287350                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           5804336                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                3276                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               1552                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             4015056                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            2199086                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1696002                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    1053025                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    642977                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              7835575383.068254                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              17120575.931746                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.002180                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.997820                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           772405                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               111162      1.55%      1.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  5311216     74.02%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   16200      0.23%     75.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    39248      0.55%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   1456      0.02%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 1053025     14.68%     91.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 642977      8.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   7175284                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  113                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 113                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                4056                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               4056                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                17                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               17                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1988                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2016                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2008                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    8372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           66                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3980                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4070                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4011                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3998                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           87                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3972                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4105                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    16216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               164500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                26996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              112500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             2490994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             2232982                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             2481998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             2479498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               11996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1575500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1514000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1508000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1680500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           45                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       184320                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           45                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples              180034000                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.149382                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 1.082851                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |   176673637     98.13%     98.13% |        2071      0.00%     98.13% |     3357966      1.87%    100.00% |          92      0.00%    100.00% |         217      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                180034000                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   3590184207                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000250                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3590183983    100.00%    100.00% |         224      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   3590184207                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     3590184207                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.197730                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.067018                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         1.373140                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  3590176790    100.00%    100.00% |        6964      0.00%    100.00% |         129      0.00%    100.00% |         128      0.00%    100.00% |         140      0.00%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       3590184207                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3454027141                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3454027141    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3454027141                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples    136157066                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     6.213733                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     5.531328                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     4.854384                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |   136149649     99.99%     99.99% |        6964      0.01%    100.00% |         129      0.00%    100.00% |         128      0.00%    100.00% |         140      0.00%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total    136157066                      
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits      6970102                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses       908336                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses      7878438                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits     26992156                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses       604288                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses     27596444                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits    645230821                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses     92851042                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses    738081863                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits   2764207082                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses     40990790                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses   2805197872                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits      1274995                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses       160141                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses      1435136                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits      3511704                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses       209482                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses      3721186                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits      1499950                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses       197520                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses      1697470                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits      4340331                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses       235467                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses      4575798                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits       1350749                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses       161875                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses      1512624                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits     125199021                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses      8642811                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses    133841832                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits        301415                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses        68208                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses       369623                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits        336898                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses        96089                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses       432987                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      8929921                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        39062                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      8968983                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.007624                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0       161875                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2        17987                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1       172274                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1       130148                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2       109174                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        40870                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           63                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        55835                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0      1295000                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       143896                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12403728                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1041184                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       873392                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2942640                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         4536                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       446680                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.434651                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0      8642811                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2         5628                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1      8641920                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1      7958376                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2      7948761                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3274496                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4668406                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0     69142488                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        45024                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    622218240                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     63667008                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     63590088                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    235763712                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     37347248                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.002975                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0        68208                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2        19826                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1        77950                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1        36792                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::2        24453                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         8371                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           66                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         7230                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0       545664                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       158608                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5612400                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       294336                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       195624                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       602712                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         4752                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        57840                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.004143                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0        96089                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2        17233                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1       103243                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1        56974                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::2        45536                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        15106                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        19455                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0       768712                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       137864                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7433496                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       455792                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       364288                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1087632                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         3456                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       155640                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.448722                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0      8988592                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2        37089                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1      8980123                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1      8112826                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8127924                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3338843                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          205                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4750926                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0     71908736                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       296712                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    646568856                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     64902608                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     65023392                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    240396696                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        14760                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     38007408                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.000226                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0         5499                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1         6726                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          755                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0        43992                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       484272                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        26624                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6040                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.000196                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0         4812                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5864                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2502                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          747                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0        38496                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       422208                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        20016                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5976                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.000188                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0         4650                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5622                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2293                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          736                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0        37200                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       404784                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        18344                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5888                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.000185                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0         4648                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5524                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2231                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          736                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0        37184                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       397728                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        17848                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5888                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.000021                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2974                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        23792                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.059934                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0      8988592                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::2        60674                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::1      8999670                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::1      8152735                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8127924                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3338843                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          205                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4753900                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0     71908736                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       485392                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    647976240                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     65221880                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     65023392                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    240396696                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        14760                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     38031200                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        26965776                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       158437                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     26999010                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     48841977                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     10017144                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     14270340                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        215726208                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      1267496                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   1943928720                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    390735816                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    721234368                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    114162720                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.009847                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        17987                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       156404                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       120311                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       143896                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11261088                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       962488                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.005401                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       161875                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        15870                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9837                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       109174                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        40870                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           63                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        55835                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1295000                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1142640                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        78696                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       873392                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2942640                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         4536                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       446680                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.546058                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         5628                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      8640749                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      7953458                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        45024                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    622133928                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     63627664                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.323244                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      8642811                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1171                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4918                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      7948761                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3274496                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4668406                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     69142488                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        84312                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        39344                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     63590088                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    235763712                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     37347248                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004072                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        19826                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        66283                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        22963                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       158608                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4772376                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       183704                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001877                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        68208                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11667                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        13829                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        24453                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         8371                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           66                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         7230                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       545664                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       840024                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       110632                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       195624                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       602712                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         4752                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        57840                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005780                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        17233                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        93951                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        44542                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       137864                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6764472                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       356336                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002507                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        96089                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9292                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        12432                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        45536                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        15106                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        19455                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       768712                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       669024                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        99456                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       364288                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1087632                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         3456                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       155640                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.332832                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      8968983                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        38156                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         8749                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8127924                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3338843                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          205                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4750926                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     71751864                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2747232                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        69992                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     65023392                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    240396696                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        14760                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     38007408                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.564612                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        19609                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        37089                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      8941967                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      8104077                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       156872                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       296712                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    643821624                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     64832616                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000114                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         5499                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1192                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          954                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          755                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        43992                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        85824                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         7632                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6040                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000337                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5534                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2374                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       398448                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        18992                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000098                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         4812                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1025                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          626                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          747                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        38496                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        73800                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         5008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5976                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000294                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4839                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1876                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       348408                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        15008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000093                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         4650                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1          956                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          557                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          736                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        37200                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        68832                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         4456                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5888                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000283                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4666                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1736                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       335952                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        13888                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000087                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         4648                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1          860                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          575                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          736                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        37184                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        61920                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         4600                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5888                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000283                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4664                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1656                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       335808                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        13248                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000024                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000019                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2974                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        23792                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.link_utilization     0.009847                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        17987                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1       156404                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1       120311                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       143896                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11261088                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       962488                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.link_utilization     0.546058                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2         5628                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1      8640749                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1      7953458                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        45024                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    622133928                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     63627664                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.link_utilization     0.004072                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2        19826                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        66283                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1        22963                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       158608                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4772376                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       183704                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.link_utilization     0.005780                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2        17233                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1        93951                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1        44542                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       137864                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6764472                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       356336                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.link_utilization     0.332832                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0      8968983                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        38156                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1         8749                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8127924                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3338843                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          205                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4750926                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0     71751864                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2747232                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        69992                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     65023392                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    240396696                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        14760                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     38007408                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.link_utilization     0.000114                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0         5499                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1192                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1          954                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          755                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0        43992                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        85824                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         7632                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6040                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.link_utilization     0.000098                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0         4812                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1025                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1          626                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          747                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0        38496                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        73800                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         5008                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5976                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.link_utilization     0.000093                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Control::0         4650                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1          956                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1          557                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          736                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Control::0        37200                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        68832                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         4456                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5888                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.link_utilization     0.000087                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Control::0         4648                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::1          860                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::1          575                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          736                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Control::0        37184                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        61920                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         4600                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5888                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.link_utilization     0.000024                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Data::1           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle14.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      25186676                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.060900                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        2.713642                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    21847179     86.74%     86.74% |         433      0.00%     86.74% |     3338742     13.26%    100.00% |          89      0.00%    100.00% |         216      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        25186676                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples     153302837                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.001130                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.092101                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |   153276585     99.98%     99.98% |        5386      0.00%     99.99% |         611      0.00%     99.99% |        1027      0.00%     99.99% |       19188      0.01%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total       153302837                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       1544487                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000004                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.002787                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     1544484    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         1544487                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    573542351                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.506592                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.186352                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      2.074471                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   573538786    100.00%    100.00% |        3395      0.00%    100.00% |          51      0.00%    100.00% |          55      0.00%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     573542351                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    515705062                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   515705062    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    515705062                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     57837289                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     6.023614                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     5.444258                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     4.470245                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    57833724     99.99%     99.99% |        3395      0.01%    100.00% |          51      0.00%    100.00% |          55      0.00%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     57837289                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    169457189                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.134773                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.441586                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      3.263716                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   169454946    100.00%    100.00% |        2016      0.00%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |          62      0.00%    100.00% |          78      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     169457189                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    133441080                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   133441080    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    133441080                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     36016109                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     6.339152                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     5.589211                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     5.260183                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    36013866     99.99%     99.99% |        2016      0.01%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |          62      0.00%    100.00% |          78      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     36016109                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   2841091300                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.079313                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.025820                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.885279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  2841089817    100.00%    100.00% |        1431      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   2841091300                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2799051273                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2799051273    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2799051273                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     42040027                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     6.360013                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     5.600073                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     4.965842                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |    42038544    100.00%    100.00% |        1431      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     42040027                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      5826047                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.258664                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.079830                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.801057                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     5825969    100.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |          57      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      5826047                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5572303                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5572303    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      5572303                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       253744                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     6.939021                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     5.832409                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     6.383045                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      253666     99.97%     99.97% |          20      0.01%     99.98% |          57      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       253744                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       133660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.473051                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.223291                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     7.240074                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      133579     99.94%     99.94% |          13      0.01%     99.95% |          65      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       133660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       123763                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      123763    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       123763                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         9897                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    20.893705                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    15.208941                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    18.479550                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        9816     99.18%     99.18% |          13      0.13%     99.31% |          65      0.66%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           1      0.01%     99.98% |           1      0.01%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         9897                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       133660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      133660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       133660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       133660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      133660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       133660                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |        5499     28.04%     28.04% |        4812     24.54%     52.58% |        4650     23.71%     76.30% |        4648     23.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total        19609                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |        1192     29.56%     29.56% |        1025     25.42%     54.97% |         956     23.70%     78.68% |         860     21.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total         4033                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |        5529     28.07%     28.07% |        4837     24.56%     52.63% |        4666     23.69%     76.32% |        4664     23.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total        19696                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |        1689     28.04%     28.04% |        1522     25.27%     53.31% |        1453     24.12%     77.44% |        1359     22.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total         6023                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          35     37.23%     37.23% |          27     28.72%     65.96% |          16     17.02%     82.98% |          16     17.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           94                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         720     25.00%     25.00% |         720     25.00%     50.00% |         720     25.00%     75.00% |         720     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2880                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |         954     35.18%     35.18% |         626     23.08%     58.26% |         557     20.54%     78.80% |         575     21.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total         2712                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |        5499     28.04%     28.04% |        4812     24.54%     52.58% |        4650     23.71%     76.30% |        4648     23.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total        19609                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          30     34.48%     34.48% |          25     28.74%     63.22% |          16     18.39%     81.61% |          16     18.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           87                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         497     24.97%     24.97% |         497     24.97%     49.95% |         497     24.97%     74.92% |         499     25.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         1990                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          30     34.48%     34.48% |          25     28.74%     63.22% |          16     18.39%     81.61% |          16     18.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           87                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         497     24.97%     24.97% |         497     24.97%     49.95% |         497     24.97%     74.92% |         499     25.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         1990                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |         964     30.74%     30.74% |         800     25.51%     56.25% |         733     23.37%     79.62% |         639     20.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total         3136                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           5     71.43%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         223     25.06%     25.06% |         223     25.06%     50.11% |         223     25.06%     75.17% |         221     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          890                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |         954     35.18%     35.18% |         626     23.08%     58.26% |         557     20.54%     78.80% |         575     21.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total         2712                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |        5499     28.04%     28.04% |        4812     24.54%     52.58% |        4650     23.71%     76.30% |        4648     23.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total        19609                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |         964     30.74%     30.74% |         800     25.51%     56.25% |         733     23.37%     79.62% |         639     20.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total         3136                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |           5     71.43%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           5     71.43%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         223     25.06%     25.06% |         223     25.06%     50.11% |         223     25.06%     75.17% |         221     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          890                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         223     25.06%     25.06% |         223     25.06%     50.11% |         223     25.06%     75.17% |         221     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          890                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2880                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |     5701674      0.99%      0.99% |   566025751     98.69%     99.68% |      830374      0.14%     99.83% |      984552      0.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total    573542351                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    27596444      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072219783168    100.00%    100.00% |     3721186      0.00%    100.00% |     4575798      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072255676416                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |     2176764      1.24%      1.24% |   172056112     98.01%     99.25% |      604762      0.34%     99.59% |      712918      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total    175550556                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |       67879      4.57%      4.57% |     1306181     88.03%     92.60% |       49986      3.37%     95.97% |       59767      4.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total      1483813                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |     1496027      1.10%      1.10% |   133180872     98.32%     99.42% |      359626      0.27%     99.69% |      422812      0.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total    135459337                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |      292825      2.88%      2.88% |     9354314     91.88%     94.76% |      258072      2.53%     97.29% |      275427      2.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total     10180638                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |     1219799      0.97%      0.97% |   124487518     98.82%     99.79% |      111551      0.09%     99.87% |      157560      0.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total    125976428                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      562228      0.97%      0.97% |    57013490     98.58%     99.55% |      117588      0.20%     99.75% |      143983      0.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     57837289                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      604288      1.44%      1.44% |    40990790     97.50%     98.94% |      209482      0.50%     99.44% |      235467      0.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total     42040027                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store   |      342013      0.94%      0.94% |    35835527     98.80%     99.75% |       40657      0.11%     99.86% |       51448      0.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store::total     36269645                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |       55379      6.96%      6.96% |      647247     81.29%     88.25% |       41870      5.26%     93.51% |       51696      6.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total       796192                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      307230      0.95%      0.95% |    31630936     98.21%     99.16% |      124390      0.39%     99.55% |      145762      0.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     32208318                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3749968      2.02%      2.02% |   174633843     94.06%     96.08% |     3452527      1.86%     97.94% |     3827426      2.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    185663764                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        4095     40.52%     40.52% |        2025     20.04%     60.56% |        1896     18.76%     79.33% |        2089     20.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        10105                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1489      2.53%      2.53% |       49729     84.41%     86.94% |        4010      6.81%     93.74% |        3687      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        58915                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |      287236      2.84%      2.84% |     9302595     92.00%     94.84% |      252138      2.49%     97.33% |      269641      2.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total     10111610                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     2746718      0.92%      0.92% |   294702044     98.96%     99.89% |      141819      0.05%     99.93% |      194646      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total    297785227                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |    23242188      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072004157440    100.00%    100.00% |       59177      0.00%    100.00% |      512905      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total 18446744072027971584                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       54081      1.35%      1.35% |     3905297     97.47%     98.82% |       21082      0.53%     99.35% |       26008      0.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      4006468                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        6647      1.29%      1.29% |      504426     97.94%     99.23% |        2029      0.39%     99.63% |        1920      0.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total       515022                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |      812962      0.95%      0.95% |    84240202     98.90%     99.86% |       45938      0.05%     99.91% |       76098      0.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total     85175200                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2085498      1.12%      1.12% |   182679281     98.37%     99.49% |      446577      0.24%     99.73% |      500161      0.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    185711517                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     1776575      1.31%      1.31% |   132313263     97.82%     99.13% |      541127      0.40%     99.53% |      633373      0.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total    135264338                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        4364      3.84%      3.84% |      104779     92.17%     96.01% |        2077      1.83%     97.83% |        2464      2.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total       113684                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |      395829      0.99%      0.99% |    39638075     98.67%     99.65% |       61550      0.15%     99.81% |       77073      0.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total     40172527                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data |      229571      3.41%      3.41% |     6074722     90.25%     93.66% |      208140      3.09%     96.75% |      218445      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data::total      6730878                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive |      374717      1.06%      1.06% |    34916068     98.89%     99.95% |        1342      0.00%     99.95% |       17022      0.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive::total     35309149                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       63254      1.83%      1.83% |     3279592     95.07%     96.90% |       49932      1.45%     98.35% |       56982      1.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      3449760                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      498974      0.92%      0.92% |    53733898     98.80%     99.72% |       67656      0.12%     99.84% |       87001      0.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total     54387529                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |      342013      0.94%      0.94% |    35835527     98.80%     99.75% |       40657      0.11%     99.86% |       51448      0.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total     36269645                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |        4095     40.52%     40.52% |        2025     20.04%     60.56% |        1896     18.76%     79.33% |        2089     20.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total        10105                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     1166516      1.17%      1.17% |    98004280     98.12%     99.29% |      327070      0.33%     99.62% |      379450      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     99877316                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      346108      0.95%      0.95% |    35837552     98.78%     99.74% |       42553      0.12%     99.85% |       53537      0.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     36279750                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |     1208791      0.96%      0.96% |   123878277     98.83%     99.79% |      107488      0.09%     99.88% |      153171      0.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total    125347727                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |        4364      3.84%      3.84% |      104779     92.17%     96.01% |        2077      1.83%     97.83% |        2464      2.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total       113684                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        9900     24.02%     24.02% |        4946     12.00%     36.02% |       13895     33.71%     69.72% |       12480     30.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        41221                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |      125678      4.30%      4.30% |     2608424     89.17%     93.47% |       87376      2.99%     96.45% |      103752      3.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      2925230                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |       10080     23.78%     23.78% |        3938      9.29%     33.06% |       12596     29.71%     62.77% |       15782     37.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        42396                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      152147      1.70%      1.70% |     8638182     96.71%     98.42% |       56426      0.63%     99.05% |       84903      0.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      8931658                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         304     33.55%     33.55% |         193     21.30%     54.86% |         195     21.52%     76.38% |         214     23.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total          906                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        7783     41.96%     41.96% |         489      2.64%     44.60% |        5736     30.93%     75.53% |        4539     24.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        18547                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        1689     31.17%     31.17% |         984     18.16%     49.33% |         862     15.91%     65.23% |        1884     34.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         5419                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       68479      1.26%      1.26% |     5332641     97.97%     99.23% |       14444      0.27%     99.50% |       27428      0.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      5442992                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        4583     24.71%     24.71% |        4675     25.21%     49.92% |        3390     18.28%     68.19% |        5899     31.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        18547                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       81653      2.34%      2.34% |     3302449     94.61%     96.95% |       47587      1.36%     98.32% |       58740      1.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      3490429                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |       63515      4.64%      4.64% |     1201402     87.69%     92.32% |       47909      3.50%     95.82% |       57303      4.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total      1370129                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       16446     47.68%     47.68% |        7510     21.77%     69.46% |        4575     13.26%     82.72% |        5959     17.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        34490                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        7160     42.08%     42.08% |        3046     17.90%     59.98% |        2787     16.38%     76.36% |        4022     23.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        17015                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       96705      1.20%      1.20% |     7942902     98.18%     99.38% |       15601      0.19%     99.57% |       34561      0.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      8089769                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      125763      2.00%      2.00% |     6031366     95.70%     97.69% |       61589      0.98%     98.67% |       83880      1.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      6302598                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       30641      1.15%      1.15% |     2609383     98.29%     99.44% |        4694      0.18%     99.62% |       10071      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      2654789                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |        5860     35.61%     35.61% |        2713     16.49%     52.09% |        4107     24.96%     77.05% |        3777     22.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total        16457                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      231535      2.49%      2.49% |     8655554     92.92%     95.41% |      209918      2.25%     97.66% |      217776      2.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      9314783                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        4234     40.94%     40.94% |        2059     19.91%     60.85% |        1915     18.52%     79.37% |        2133     20.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        10341                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |       54833      6.53%      6.53% |      695056     82.82%     89.36% |       40621      4.84%     94.20% |       48696      5.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       839206                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |        2035     12.80%     12.80% |        1920     12.07%     24.87% |        5259     33.07%     57.95% |        6687     42.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        15901                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |        4006     64.11%     64.11% |          35      0.56%     64.67% |        1009     16.15%     80.81% |        1199     19.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total         6249                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |        1237     98.57%     98.57% |           3      0.24%     98.80% |          10      0.80%     99.60% |           5      0.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total         1255                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |        3977     16.19%     16.19% |        2205      8.98%     25.17% |        9722     39.59%     64.76% |        8654     35.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total        24558                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |       55442      6.59%      6.59% |      695280     82.59%     89.17% |       40825      4.85%     94.02% |       50342      5.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total       841889                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |       66136      1.28%      1.28% |     5044772     97.93%     99.21% |       13445      0.26%     99.47% |       27128      0.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total      5151481                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |        2298      0.79%      0.79% |      287840     98.79%     99.58% |         998      0.34%     99.92% |         239      0.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       291375                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |          48     32.43%     32.43% |          13      8.78%     41.22% |          27     18.24%     59.46% |          60     40.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          148                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |        2174      0.76%      0.76% |      283704     98.82%     99.58% |         993      0.35%     99.93% |         209      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total       287080                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           4     57.14%     57.14% |           1     14.29%     71.43% |           1     14.29%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |          18     20.93%     20.93% |           8      9.30%     30.23% |          24     27.91%     58.14% |          36     41.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total           86                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |     1142655      0.95%      0.95% |   118833505     98.87%     99.82% |       94043      0.08%     99.90% |      126043      0.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total    120196246                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |        5708      1.72%      1.72% |      321316     96.77%     98.49% |        2069      0.62%     99.11% |        2941      0.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       332034                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |        2957     57.43%     57.43% |          36      0.70%     58.13% |        1012     19.65%     77.78% |        1144     22.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         5149                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      805212      0.96%      0.96% |    83317325     98.89%     99.84% |       54554      0.06%     99.91% |       76595      0.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     84253686                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |      309996      0.92%      0.92% |    33226107     98.85%     99.77% |       35934      0.11%     99.88% |       41328      0.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     33613365                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |          63     30.73%     30.73% |          28     13.66%     44.39% |          66     32.20%     76.59% |          48     23.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total          205                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       94531      1.21%      1.21% |     7659198     98.16%     99.37% |       14608      0.19%     99.56% |       34352      0.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      7802689                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         300     33.37%     33.37% |         192     21.36%     54.73% |         194     21.58%     76.31% |         213     23.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total          899                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        7765     42.06%     42.06% |         481      2.61%     44.67% |        5712     30.94%     75.61% |        4503     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        18461                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       68479      1.26%      1.26% |     5332641     97.97%     99.23% |       14444      0.27%     99.50% |       27428      0.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      5442992                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        4583     24.71%     24.71% |        4675     25.21%     49.92% |        3390     18.28%     68.19% |        5899     31.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        18547                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       52701      6.27%      6.27% |      694050     82.52%     88.79% |       43755      5.20%     93.99% |       50553      6.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       841059                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        1689     31.17%     31.17% |         984     18.16%     49.33% |         862     15.91%     65.23% |        1884     34.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         5419                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       28952      1.09%      1.09% |     2608399     98.45%     99.55% |        3832      0.14%     99.69% |        8187      0.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      2649370                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |       16446     47.68%     47.68% |        7510     21.77%     69.46% |        4575     13.26%     82.72% |        5959     17.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        34490                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        7160     42.08%     42.08% |        3046     17.90%     59.98% |        2787     16.38%     76.36% |        4022     23.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total        17015                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       96705      1.20%      1.20% |     7942902     98.18%     99.38% |       15601      0.19%     99.57% |       34561      0.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      8089769                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       54833      6.53%      6.53% |      695056     82.82%     89.36% |       40621      4.84%     94.20% |       48696      5.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       839206                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        2035     12.80%     12.80% |        1920     12.07%     24.87% |        5259     33.07%     57.95% |        6687     42.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        15901                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |       56868      6.65%      6.65% |      696976     81.51%     88.16% |       45880      5.37%     93.52% |       55383      6.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total       855107                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |         150      3.45%      3.45% |        4140     95.19%     98.64% |           7      0.16%     98.80% |          52      1.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total         4349                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        2298      0.79%      0.79% |      287840     98.79%     99.58% |         998      0.34%     99.92% |         239      0.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       291375                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |          48     32.43%     32.43% |          13      8.78%     41.22% |          27     18.24%     59.46% |          60     40.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          148                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |        2196      0.76%      0.76% |      283713     98.79%     99.56% |        1018      0.35%     99.91% |         247      0.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total       287174                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |        4214      3.85%      3.85% |      100639     92.05%     95.90% |        2070      1.89%     97.79% |        2412      2.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total       109335                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        5708      1.72%      1.72% |      321316     96.77%     98.49% |        2069      0.62%     99.11% |        2941      0.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       332034                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        2957     57.43%     57.43% |          36      0.70%     58.13% |        1012     19.65%     77.78% |        1144     22.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         5149                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |        4451      1.95%      1.95% |      220713     96.87%     98.82% |        1011      0.44%     99.27% |        1673      0.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total       227848                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        6302604      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        2654789      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE        11596      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        8089769      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement         3080      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean         2768      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data         19609      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack           6745      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data           8872      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean         9880      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack                691      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all            416      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          18547      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      8109377      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv           1794      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS         8103      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX        11506      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       841059      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         5419      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE        11596      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement           27      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean          316      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.MEM_Inv           72      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      5434889      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX      2636958      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement         2978      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean         2340      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv          806      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        18547      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX          906      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      8089769      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement           75      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean          112      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv           19      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack         6745      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv          806      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data           71      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean           22      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv           19      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data           56      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean           56      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack            566      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all          316      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            125      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all           99      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.MEM_Inv           72      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data         8103      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data        11506      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        17015      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      8092362      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         8745      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean         9801      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        18546      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.941095                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3941094803500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               55180093612501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 132256                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   225358                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              256853851                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2105724                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15343.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2029296824                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3457827163                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       974848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            974848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0       456704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         456704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        15232                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              15232                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0         7136                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              7136                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       247355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total               247355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0       115883                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              115883                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0       363237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total              363237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      15232                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      7136                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    15232                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    7136                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                970112                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   4736                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 455360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                 974848                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              456704                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    74                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             1233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             1167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2              980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3              726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4              975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5              970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6              826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             1385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8              773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9              659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10             704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            1001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12             870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13             914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14             726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            1249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2              383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4              531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9              409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10             284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11             489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14             290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15             571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 3941103099500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                15232                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                7136                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  14990                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    168                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                   427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                   437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                   439                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                   439                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                   444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                   438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                   440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                   438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                   437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                   436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                   436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                   436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                   437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                   436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                   436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                   435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        10677                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   133.502669                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    97.443398                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   156.248959                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         6906     64.68%     64.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2460     23.04%     87.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          568      5.32%     93.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          265      2.48%     95.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          158      1.48%     97.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          107      1.00%     98.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           72      0.67%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           54      0.51%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           87      0.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        10677                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          435                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     43.625287                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   198.379181                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          433     99.54%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      0.23%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.23%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          435                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          435                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.356322                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.334802                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.874327                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16             368     84.60%     84.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18              50     11.49%     96.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              15      3.45%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      0.23%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          435                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   195330994                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              479543494                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                  75790000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    12886.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               31636.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                    8533                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   3062                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                56.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               42.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                 176193808.10                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   52.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                47847240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                26107125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy               77836200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy              24202800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        257662432560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         92471397255                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        2285831696250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2636141519430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           668.238427                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3800642026000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 131601860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8852186500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                44687160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                24382875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy               70402800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy              21902400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        257662432560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         92089449945                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        2286166746000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2636080003740                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           668.222831                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3801343943001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 131601860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8151439249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       922816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            922816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1       438848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         438848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        14419                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              14419                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1         6857                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              6857                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       234152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total               234152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1       111352                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total              111352                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1       345504                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total              345504                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      14419                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      6857                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    14419                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    6857                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                918528                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   4288                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 437632                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                 922816                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              438848                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    67                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                   12                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             1142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             1098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2              952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3              713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4              974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5              929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6              792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             1297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8              690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9              581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10             666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11             980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12             835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13             898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14             662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            1143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4              505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6              326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8              535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9              376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10             260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11             466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14             287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15             556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 3941093458000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                14419                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                6857                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  14182                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    169                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                   417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                   419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                   421                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                   419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                   424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                   418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                   419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                   419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                   418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                   418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                   420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                   418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                   418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                   418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                   418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                   418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples         9977                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   135.928636                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    98.778935                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   158.391761                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         6366     63.81%     63.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2312     23.17%     86.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          588      5.89%     92.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          247      2.48%     95.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          160      1.60%     96.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767           98      0.98%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           71      0.71%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           46      0.46%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           89      0.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total         9977                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          418                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     43.540670                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   203.567757                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          414     99.04%     99.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      0.72%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.24%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          418                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          418                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.358852                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.338714                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.839910                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16             351     83.97%     83.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18              51     12.20%     96.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              16      3.83%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          418                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   185059992                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              454159992                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                  71760000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    12894.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               31644.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     27.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                    8200                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   3013                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                57.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               44.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                 185236579.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   52.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                45972360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                25084125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy               74872200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy              23379840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        257662432560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         92467218015                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        2285835362250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2636134321350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           668.236602                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3800690291250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 131601860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8801415500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                41496840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                22642125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy               67126800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy              20930400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        257662432560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         91871098335                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        2286358282500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2636044009560                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           668.213707                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3801703659750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 131601860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7790566500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2       899520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total            899520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2       428928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total         428928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        14055                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              14055                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2         6702                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total              6702                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2       228241                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total               228241                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2       108835                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total              108835                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2       337076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total              337076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      14055                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                      6702                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    14055                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                    6702                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                896384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   3136                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                 427712                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                 899520                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys              428928                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    49                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             1148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             1037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2              882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3              713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4              960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5              878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6              760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             1279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8              678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9              592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10             620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11             991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12             865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13             833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14             649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            1121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0              564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1              559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2              291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3              276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4              518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5              389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6              320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7              588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8              539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9              384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10             228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11             467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12             400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13             329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14             277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15             554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 3941089185000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                14055                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                6702                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  13824                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    182                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                   407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                   411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                   414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                   413                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                   416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                   411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                   409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                   410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                   409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                   410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                   410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                   409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                   409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                   410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                   410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                   409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples         9679                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   136.814134                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    98.893952                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   160.944079                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         6191     63.96%     63.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2183     22.55%     86.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383          605      6.25%     92.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511          251      2.59%     95.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          139      1.44%     96.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          104      1.07%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895           65      0.67%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           48      0.50%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           93      0.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total         9679                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples          409                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     43.625917                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   205.399669                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          405     99.02%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      0.73%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.24%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total          409                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples          409                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.339853                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.317306                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.899020                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16             353     86.31%     86.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18              35      8.56%     94.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19              17      4.16%     99.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20               3      0.73%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.24%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total          409                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   181614993                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              444227493                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                  70030000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    12966.94                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               31716.94                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     24.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                    8031                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                   2980                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                57.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               44.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                 189867957.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   53.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                44278920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                24160125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy               72992400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy              22712400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        257662432560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy         92235685725                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        2286038469000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          2636100731130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           668.228085                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3801014916000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF 131601860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8478256000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                41035680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                22390500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy               66268800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy              20593440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        257662432560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy         91736120340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        2286476684250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          2636025525570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           668.209021                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3801850028750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF 131601860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7644197500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3       905152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            905152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3       420800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         420800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        14143                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              14143                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3         6575                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total              6575                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3       229670                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total               229670                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3       106772                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total              106772                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3       336443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total              336443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      14143                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                      6575                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    14143                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                    6575                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                902272                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   2880                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                 420160                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                 905152                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys              420800                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    45                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             1149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             1056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2              880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3              689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4              947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5              902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6              733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             1350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8              714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9              575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10             657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11             941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12             868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13             834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14             646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            1157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0              563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1              573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2              305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3              242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4              492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5              368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6              291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7              594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8              546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9              349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10             252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11             413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12             402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13             346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14             274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15             555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 3941096032500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                14143                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                6575                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  13933                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    165                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                    61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                   393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                   404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                   410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                   406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                   408                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                   402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                   403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                   402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                   402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                   403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                   402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                   403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                   406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                   402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                   402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                   403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples         9538                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   138.648773                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    99.843327                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   162.480766                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         6047     63.40%     63.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2190     22.96%     86.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383          577      6.05%     92.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511          253      2.65%     95.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          154      1.61%     96.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          117      1.23%     97.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895           57      0.60%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           53      0.56%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           90      0.94%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total         9538                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples          402                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     44.539801                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   205.830474                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          393     97.76%     97.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      1.00%     98.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3      0.75%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.25%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.25%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total          402                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples          402                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.330846                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.307827                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.911273                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16             350     87.06%     87.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18              31      7.71%     94.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19              16      3.98%     98.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20               3      0.75%     99.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.25%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.25%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total          402                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   184157745                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              448495245                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                  70490000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    13062.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               31812.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                    8123                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                   3002                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                57.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               45.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                 190225699.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   53.82                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                43107120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                23520750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy               73062600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy              22213440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        257662432560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy         92312805015                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        2285970820500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          2636107961985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           668.229918                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3800930992250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF 131601860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8563234000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                40763520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                22242000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy               66612000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy              20327760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        257662432560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy         91740990420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        2286472412250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          2636025780510                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           668.209086                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3801874001000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF 131601860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7620225250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      7878456903                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   20354747                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     36307802                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             30872392                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses               8406789                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     662627                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      2164823                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    30872392                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                      8406789                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           59805495                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          23576567                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            14076642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes            7480253                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            14994341                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           10938572                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      8175863                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    6011198                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   2164665                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              7794249818.155075                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              84207084.844925                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.010688                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.989312                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          3002316                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               141083      0.39%      0.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 24109906     66.40%     66.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  215485      0.59%     67.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    41712      0.11%     67.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                3623931      9.98%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 6011198     16.56%     94.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                2164665      5.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  36307980                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      7883364629                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                 1996985605                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   3397581839                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           2762177502                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses            1010104752                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   50015702                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts    200215417                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  2762177502                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                   1010104752                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         5227394046                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        2056274013                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads          1701925105                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          899778502                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads          1291152419                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes         1041030024                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    739266579                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  572400050                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                 166866529                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              88212034.080413                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              7795152594.919587                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.988810                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.011190                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        261705614                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1529901      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu               2192896616     64.54%     64.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                24043622      0.71%     65.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   214034      0.01%     65.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              439631505     12.94%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               572400050     16.85%     95.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite              166866529      4.91%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                3397582305                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      7880707481                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    4844283                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      9912927                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              9716076                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 20543                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     250100                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       714088                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     9716076                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        20543                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           19805709                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           7893319                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               32891                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              16023                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             5381908                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            2892801                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      2416288                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    1457158                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    959130                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              7856324836.654086                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              24382644.345913                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.003094                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.996906                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          1060345                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               134066      1.35%      1.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  7292634     73.57%     74.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   13903      0.14%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    40830      0.41%     75.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  15304      0.15%     75.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 1457158     14.70%     90.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 959130      9.68%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   9913041                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      7887532442                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    5734477                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     11484836                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             11263052                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  8017                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     290143                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       837926                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    11263052                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         8017                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           22826758                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           9246874                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               12855                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               6219                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             6229995                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            3726658                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      2673768                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    1674291                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    999477                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              7857765822.771464                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              29766619.228536                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.003774                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.996226                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1221316                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               127596      1.11%      1.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  8616984     75.03%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   19067      0.17%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    42149      0.37%     76.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   5633      0.05%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 1674291     14.58%     91.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 999477      8.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  11485213                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 6443                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                6443                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                8326                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               8326                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               885                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              885                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1708                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1700                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4644                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           92                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4590                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4876                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio        10874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2054                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        15490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   31308                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          852                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          852                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           66                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          190                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8556                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           52                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3364                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          166                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4924                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8550                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          338                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8702                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         5008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         5437                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        14603                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    43827                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               244500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              6115481                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             7839000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             3381492                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             3144972                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             3415490                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             3004491                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1266494                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             3518500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             3471500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             3741000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy            12870500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           47                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       192512                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           47                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples              361763941                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.150369                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 1.086557                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |   354968618     98.12%     98.12% |        7533      0.00%     98.12% |     6785772      1.88%    100.00% |         608      0.00%    100.00% |        1319      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |          66      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                361763941                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   7194134075                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000410                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  7194132864    100.00%    100.00% |        1211      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   7194134075                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     7194134075                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.198942                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.067105                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         1.428145                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  7194101319    100.00%    100.00% |       29902      0.00%    100.00% |        1120      0.00%    100.00% |         888      0.00%    100.00% |         579      0.00%    100.00% |         249      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       7194134075                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   6921144108                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  6921144108    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   6921144108                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples    272989967                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     6.242747                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     5.537923                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     5.225548                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |   272957211     99.99%     99.99% |       29902      0.01%    100.00% |        1120      0.00%    100.00% |         888      0.00%    100.00% |         579      0.00%    100.00% |         249      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total    272989967                      
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits      7231673                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses       946315                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses      8177988                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits     27710479                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses       642061                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses     28352540                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits    646302363                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses     92976986                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses    739279349                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits   2767902258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses     41091203                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses   2808993461                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits      2153383                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses       266463                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses      2419846                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits      6198015                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses       288193                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses      6486208                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits      2376189                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses       300133                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses      2676322                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits      7242607                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses       321547                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses      7564154                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits       1406194                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses       182182                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses      1588376                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits     125349022                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses      8719167                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses    134068189                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits        437762                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses       116894                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses       554656                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits        463057                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses       158623                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses       621680                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      9089485                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        87381                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      9176866                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            31                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.008581                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0       182182                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2        22235                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1       194784                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1       145354                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2       123327                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        46188                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          228                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        61645                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0      1457456                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       177880                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14024448                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1162832                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       986616                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3325536                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        16416                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       493160                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.436464                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0      8719167                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2         9721                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1      8720320                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1      8016295                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8005651                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3297469                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          153                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4699230                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0     69753336                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        77768                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    627863040                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     64130360                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     64045208                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    237417768                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        11016                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     37593840                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.005365                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0       116894                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2        25502                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1       130423                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1        72844                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::2        60665                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        24193                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          163                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        22639                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0       935152                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       204016                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9390456                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       582752                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       485320                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1741896                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        11736                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       181112                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.007151                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0       158623                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2        23612                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1       169621                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1       104931                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::2        92598                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        33914                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          125                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        42026                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0      1268984                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       188896                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12212712                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       839448                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       740784                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2441808                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         9000                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       336208                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.458226                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0      9234628                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2        54011                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1      9238834                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1      8305079                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8282241                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3401764                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          669                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4825540                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0     73877024                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       432088                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    665196048                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     66440632                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     66257928                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    244927008                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        48168                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     38604320                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.000725                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0        15202                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1        21846                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1        15329                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          789                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0       121616                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1572912                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       122632                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6312                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.000687                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0        14394                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1        20749                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1        14003                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          779                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0       115152                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1493928                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       112024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6232                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.000669                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0        14039                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1        20228                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1        13436                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0       112312                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1456416                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       107488                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.000669                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0        14127                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1        20187                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1        13651                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0       113016                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1453464                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       109208                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.000022                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3104                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6912                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        24832                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.061243                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0      9234628                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::2        81070                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::1      9268549                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::1      8350461                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8282241                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3401764                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          669                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4828644                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0     73877024                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       648560                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    667335528                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     66803688                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     66257928                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    244927008                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        48168                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     38629152                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        27703884                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       216151                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     27805637                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     49898106                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     10207299                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     14494956                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        221631072                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      1729208                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   2002005864                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    399184848                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    734925528                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    115959648                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.011026                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        22235                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       175858                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       133245                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       177880                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12661776                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1065960                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.006136                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       182182                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        18926                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        12109                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       123327                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        46188                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          228                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        61645                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1457456                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1362672                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        96872                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       986616                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3325536                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        16416                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       493160                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.548482                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         9721                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      8716188                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      8009342                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        77768                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    627565536                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     64074736                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.324445                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      8719167                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4132                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6953                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8005651                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3297469                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          153                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4699230                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     69753336                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       297504                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        55624                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     64045208                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    237417768                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        11016                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     37593840                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.007022                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        25502                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       113874                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        56529                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       204016                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8198928                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       452232                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003709                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       116894                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        16549                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        16315                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        60665                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        24193                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          163                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        22639                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       935152                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1191528                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       130520                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       485320                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1741896                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        11736                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       181112                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.009567                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        23612                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       155000                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        89516                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       188896                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11160000                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       716128                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004736                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       158623                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14621                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        15415                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        92598                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        33914                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          125                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        42026                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1268984                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1052712                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       123320                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       740784                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2441808                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         9000                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       336208                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.340607                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      9176866                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        82381                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        46645                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8282241                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3401764                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          669                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4825540                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     73414928                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5931432                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       373160                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     66257928                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    244927008                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        48168                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     38604320                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.575844                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        57762                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        54011                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      9156453                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      8258434                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       462096                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       432088                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    659264616                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     66067472                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000506                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        15202                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         6607                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4246                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          789                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       121616                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       475704                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        33968                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6312                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000945                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        15239                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        11083                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1097208                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        88664                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000481                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        14394                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         6328                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3725                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          779                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       115152                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       455616                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        29800                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6232                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000893                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14421                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        10278                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1038312                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        82224                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000469                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        14039                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         6173                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3520                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       112312                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       444456                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        28160                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000870                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14055                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9916                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1011960                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        79328                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000463                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        14127                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         6044                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3693                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       113016                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       435168                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        29544                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000875                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14143                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9958                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1018296                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        79664                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000025                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6912                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000020                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3104                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        24832                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.link_utilization     0.011026                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        22235                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1       175858                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1       133245                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       177880                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12661776                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1065960                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.link_utilization     0.548482                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2         9721                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1      8716188                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1      8009342                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        77768                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    627565536                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     64074736                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.link_utilization     0.007022                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2        25502                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1       113874                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1        56529                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       204016                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8198928                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       452232                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.link_utilization     0.009567                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2        23612                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1       155000                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1        89516                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       188896                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11160000                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       716128                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.link_utilization     0.340607                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0      9176866                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        82381                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1        46645                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8282241                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3401764                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          669                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4825540                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0     73414928                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5931432                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       373160                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     66257928                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    244927008                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        48168                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     38604320                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.link_utilization     0.000506                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0        15202                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1         6607                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4246                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          789                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0       121616                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       475704                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        33968                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6312                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.link_utilization     0.000481                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0        14394                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1         6328                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3725                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          779                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0       115152                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       455616                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        29800                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6232                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.link_utilization     0.000469                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Control::0        14039                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1         6173                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3520                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Control::0       112312                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       444456                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        28160                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.link_utilization     0.000463                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Control::0        14127                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::1         6044                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3693                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Control::0       113016                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       435168                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        29544                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.link_utilization     0.000025                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Data::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6912                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle14.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      50873087                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.060947                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        2.714445                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    44129325     86.74%     86.74% |        2059      0.00%     86.75% |     6739747     13.25%    100.00% |         577      0.00%    100.00% |        1288      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |          66      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        50873087                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples     307714985                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.001379                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.101545                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |   307650356     99.98%     99.98% |       13068      0.00%     99.98% |        2119      0.00%     99.98% |        3355      0.00%     99.99% |       45818      0.01%    100.00% |         207      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total       307714985                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       3175869                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000008                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.003888                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     3175857    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         3175869                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples   1149050873                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.509911                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.186622                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      2.175736                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |  1149034546    100.00%    100.00% |       15148      0.00%    100.00% |         444      0.00%    100.00% |         395      0.00%    100.00% |         246      0.00%    100.00% |          85      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total    1149050873                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1033105545                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1033105545    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1033105545                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples    115945328                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     6.053360                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     5.450743                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     4.894271                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |   115929001     99.99%     99.99% |       15148      0.01%    100.00% |         444      0.00%    100.00% |         395      0.00%    100.00% |         246      0.00%    100.00% |          85      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total    115945328                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    340268066                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.138744                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.440409                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      3.432583                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   340259031    100.00%    100.00% |        7805      0.00%    100.00% |         462      0.00%    100.00% |         375      0.00%    100.00% |         254      0.00%    100.00% |         132      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     340268066                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    268155142                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   268155142    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    268155142                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     72112924                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     6.373216                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     5.595293                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     5.730979                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    72103889     99.99%     99.99% |        7805      0.01%    100.00% |         462      0.00%    100.00% |         375      0.00%    100.00% |         254      0.00%    100.00% |         132      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     72112924                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   5692487663                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.079764                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.025884                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.904706                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  5692480881    100.00%    100.00% |        6369      0.00%    100.00% |         201      0.00%    100.00% |         109      0.00%    100.00% |          71      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   5692487663                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   5608104632                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  5608104632    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   5608104632                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     84383031                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     6.380913                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     5.606311                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     5.166296                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |    84376249     99.99%     99.99% |        6369      0.01%    100.00% |         201      0.00%    100.00% |         109      0.00%    100.00% |          71      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     84383031                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples     11719007                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.269962                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.081694                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.959535                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |    11718687    100.00%    100.00% |          73      0.00%    100.00% |         237      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total     11719007                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     11199722                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    11199722    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     11199722                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       519285                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     7.092383                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     5.883706                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     7.154172                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      518965     99.94%     99.94% |          73      0.01%     99.95% |         237      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       519285                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       304233                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.986149                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.299804                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     9.363968                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      303868     99.88%     99.88% |         343      0.11%     99.99% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       304233                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       274834                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      274834    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       274834                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        29399                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    21.553488                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    15.081871                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    22.929904                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       29034     98.76%     98.76% |         343      1.17%     99.93% |           8      0.03%     99.95% |           5      0.02%     99.97% |           7      0.02%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        29399                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       304233                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      304233    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       304233                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       304233                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      304233    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       304233                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       15202     26.32%     26.32% |       14394     24.92%     51.24% |       14039     24.30%     75.54% |       14127     24.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total        57762                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |        6607     26.27%     26.27% |        6328     25.16%     51.43% |        6173     24.54%     75.97% |        6044     24.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total        25152                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       15232     26.33%     26.33% |       14419     24.93%     51.26% |       14055     24.30%     75.55% |       14143     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total        57849                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |        7136     26.17%     26.17% |        6857     25.14%     51.31% |        6702     24.58%     75.89% |        6575     24.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total        27270                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          37     38.54%     38.54% |          27     28.12%     66.67% |          16     16.67%     83.33% |          16     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           96                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         752     25.00%     25.00% |         752     25.00%     50.00% |         752     25.00%     75.00% |         752     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         3008                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |        4246     27.96%     27.96% |        3725     24.53%     52.50% |        3520     23.18%     75.68% |        3693     24.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        15184                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       15202     26.32%     26.32% |       14394     24.92%     51.24% |       14039     24.30%     75.54% |       14127     24.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total        57762                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          30     34.48%     34.48% |          25     28.74%     63.22% |          16     18.39%     81.61% |          16     18.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           87                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         529     24.98%     24.98% |         529     24.98%     49.95% |         529     24.98%     74.93% |         531     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2118                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          30     34.48%     34.48% |          25     28.74%     63.22% |          16     18.39%     81.61% |          16     18.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           87                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         529     24.98%     24.98% |         529     24.98%     49.95% |         529     24.98%     74.93% |         531     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         2118                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |        6377     26.29%     26.29% |        6103     25.16%     51.46% |        5950     24.53%     75.99% |        5823     24.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total        24253                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           7     77.78%     77.78% |           2     22.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         223     25.06%     25.06% |         223     25.06%     50.11% |         223     25.06%     75.17% |         221     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          890                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |        4246     27.96%     27.96% |        3725     24.53%     52.50% |        3520     23.18%     75.68% |        3693     24.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        15184                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       15202     26.32%     26.32% |       14394     24.92%     51.24% |       14039     24.30%     75.54% |       14127     24.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total        57762                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |        6377     26.29%     26.29% |        6103     25.16%     51.46% |        5950     24.53%     75.99% |        5823     24.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total        24253                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |           7     77.78%     77.78% |           2     22.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           7     77.78%     77.78% |           2     22.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         223     25.06%     25.06% |         223     25.06%     50.11% |         223     25.06%     75.17% |         221     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          890                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         223     25.06%     25.06% |         223     25.06%     50.11% |         223     25.06%     75.17% |         221     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          890                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          96    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           96                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          96    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             96                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          96    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           96                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          96    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           96                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         3008                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |     5871207      1.02%      1.02% |   566694165     98.47%     99.49% |     1369644      0.24%     99.73% |     1573506      0.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total    575508522                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    28352540      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072223578112    100.00%    100.00% |     6486208      0.00%    100.00% |     7564154      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072265979904                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |     2306781      1.30%      1.30% |   172585184     97.48%     98.78% |     1050202      0.59%     99.38% |     1102816      0.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total    177044983                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |       75956      4.90%      4.90% |     1328990     85.72%     90.62% |       66071      4.26%     94.89% |       79295      5.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total      1550312                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |     1568782      1.15%      1.15% |   133401319     98.01%     99.16% |      539657      0.40%     99.56% |      605357      0.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total    136115115                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |      332616      3.18%      3.18% |     9441337     90.40%     93.59% |      323589      3.10%     96.68% |      346355      3.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total     10443897                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |     1255760      0.99%      0.99% |   124626852     98.61%     99.60% |      231067      0.18%     99.78% |      275325      0.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total    126389004                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      588899      1.01%      1.01% |    57106870     98.28%     99.29% |      193930      0.33%     99.62% |      218340      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     58108039                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      642061      1.52%      1.52% |    41091203     97.04%     98.56% |      288193      0.68%     99.24% |      321547      0.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total     42343004                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store   |      352631      0.97%      0.97% |    35867231     98.62%     99.59% |       69786      0.19%     99.78% |       78468      0.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store::total     36368116                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |       61139      7.22%      7.22% |      665006     78.58%     85.81% |       53806      6.36%     92.16% |       66320      7.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total       846271                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      323549      1.00%      1.00% |    31670633     97.92%     98.92% |      161318      0.50%     99.41% |      189443      0.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     32344943                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     4382999      2.29%      2.29% |   177151566     92.40%     94.68% |     4620101      2.41%     97.09% |     5570508      2.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    191725174                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        4785     34.82%     34.82% |        2885     20.99%     55.81% |        2747     19.99%     75.80% |        3325     24.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        13742                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2166      3.33%      3.33% |       51748     79.60%     82.93% |        5582      8.59%     91.51% |        5518      8.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        65014                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |      325668      3.14%      3.14% |     9386706     90.56%     93.70% |      315234      3.04%     96.74% |      337522      3.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total     10365130                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     2803435      0.94%      0.94% |   294935535     98.84%     99.78% |      292032      0.10%     99.88% |      353943      0.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total    298384945                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |    23327480      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072005335040    100.00%    100.00% |     1577914      0.00%    100.00% |     1672099      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total 18446744072031909888                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       59403      1.46%      1.46% |     3929011     96.57%     98.03% |       36682      0.90%     98.93% |       43498      1.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      4068594                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        6858      1.32%      1.32% |      505539     97.61%     98.93% |        2765      0.53%     99.47% |        2764      0.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total       517926                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |      832080      0.97%      0.97% |    84322182     98.71%     99.69% |      119131      0.14%     99.83% |      147235      0.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total     85420628                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2155324      1.15%      1.15% |   182981127     98.02%     99.18% |      722364      0.39%     99.57% |      811780      0.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    186670595                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     1889962      1.38%      1.38% |   132786057     97.21%     98.60% |      940987      0.69%     99.28% |      977525      0.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total    136594531                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        5793      4.78%      4.78% |      106697     88.11%     92.89% |        3918      3.24%     96.13% |        4692      3.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total       121100                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |      411034      1.02%      1.02% |    39692431     98.42%     99.44% |      105292      0.26%     99.70% |      120600      0.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total     40329357                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data |      262361      3.78%      3.78% |     6144266     88.55%     92.33% |      257370      3.71%     96.04% |      274687      3.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data::total      6938684                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive |      379700      1.07%      1.07% |    34946937     98.71%     99.78% |       30823      0.09%     99.87% |       46860      0.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive::total     35404320                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       70255      2.00%      2.00% |     3297071     94.06%     96.07% |       66219      1.89%     97.96% |       71668      2.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      3505213                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      518644      0.95%      0.95% |    53809799     98.55%     99.50% |      127711      0.23%     99.73% |      146672      0.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total     54602826                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |      352631      0.97%      0.97% |    35867231     98.62%     99.59% |       69786      0.19%     99.78% |       78469      0.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total     36368117                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |        4785     34.82%     34.82% |        2885     21.00%     55.82% |        2747     19.99%     75.81% |        3324     24.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total        13741                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     1230960      1.23%      1.23% |    98198073     97.76%     98.98% |      482123      0.48%     99.46% |      539887      0.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    100451043                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      357416      0.98%      0.98% |    35870116     98.59%     99.58% |       72533      0.20%     99.78% |       81794      0.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     36381859                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |     1243114      0.99%      0.99% |   124014613     98.62%     99.61% |      224423      0.18%     99.79% |      267835      0.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total    125749985                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |        5793      4.78%      4.78% |      106697     88.11%     92.89% |        3918      3.24%     96.13% |        4692      3.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total       121100                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       12337     23.97%     23.97% |        7106     13.81%     37.78% |       16478     32.02%     69.80% |       15540     30.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        51461                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |      138930      4.56%      4.56% |     2651034     87.07%     91.63% |      116054      3.81%     95.44% |      138728      4.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      3044746                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |       12982     23.23%     23.23% |        6946     12.43%     35.66% |       16088     28.79%     64.45% |       19862     35.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        55878                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      169741      1.86%      1.86% |     8711751     95.46%     97.32% |      101319      1.11%     98.43% |      142895      1.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      9125706                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         870     17.43%     17.43% |        1098     22.00%     39.44% |        1499     30.04%     69.48% |        1523     30.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         4990                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        9028     36.67%     36.67% |        1517      6.16%     42.83% |        7525     30.57%     73.40% |        6549     26.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        24619                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        1717     29.00%     29.00% |        1063     17.95%     46.95% |         934     15.77%     62.73% |        2207     37.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         5921                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       75763      1.37%      1.37% |     5373949     96.95%     98.32% |       35397      0.64%     98.96% |       57883      1.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      5542992                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        5598     22.74%     22.74% |        6023     24.46%     47.20% |        5107     20.74%     67.95% |        7891     32.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        24619                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       92780      2.59%      2.59% |     3335153     92.97%     95.56% |       72436      2.02%     97.57% |       87019      2.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      3587388                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |       70163      4.91%      4.91% |     1222293     85.52%     90.43% |       62153      4.35%     94.78% |       74603      5.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total      1429212                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       17371     44.02%     44.02% |        8601     21.80%     65.82% |        5743     14.55%     80.37% |        7746     19.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        39461                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        8041     36.77%     36.77% |        4042     18.48%     55.26% |        3954     18.08%     73.34% |        5830     26.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        21867                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      107833      1.31%      1.31% |     7996699     97.20%     98.51% |       46832      0.57%     99.08% |       75940      0.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      8227304                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      140216      2.17%      2.17% |     6093488     94.29%     96.46% |       96733      1.50%     97.96% |      131799      2.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      6462236                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       35642      1.32%      1.32% |     2622700     97.18%     98.51% |       17140      0.64%     99.14% |       23200      0.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      2698682                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |        7064     33.11%     33.11% |        3780     17.72%     50.83% |        5292     24.81%     75.64% |        5198     24.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total        21334                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      264056      2.77%      2.77% |     8721713     91.64%     94.41% |      260992      2.74%     97.15% |      270974      2.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      9517735                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        5061     34.84%     34.84% |        2966     20.42%     55.26% |        2926     20.14%     75.40% |        3573     24.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        14526                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |       61065      6.83%      6.83% |      714511     79.90%     86.73% |       53765      6.01%     92.74% |       64922      7.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       894263                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |        2240     13.16%     13.16% |        2243     13.18%     26.33% |        5623     33.03%     59.37% |        6917     40.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        17023                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |        4107     59.37%     59.37% |          85      1.23%     60.60% |        1261     18.23%     78.82% |        1465     21.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total         6918                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |        1263     88.82%     88.82% |          13      0.91%     89.73% |          95      6.68%     96.41% |          51      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total         1422                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |        5041     17.12%     17.12% |        3172     10.77%     27.89% |       11020     37.42%     65.31% |       10214     34.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total        29447                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |       61908      6.89%      6.89% |      715052     79.59%     86.48% |       54487      6.06%     92.55% |       66955      7.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total       898402                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |       73335      1.40%      1.40% |     5085588     96.87%     98.26% |       33955      0.65%     98.91% |       57140      1.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total      5250018                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |        2356      0.81%      0.81% |      288303     98.54%     99.34% |        1304      0.45%     99.79% |         617      0.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       292580                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |          71     17.97%     17.97% |          56     14.18%     32.15% |         156     39.49%     71.65% |         112     28.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          395                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv    |           4     44.44%     44.44% |           1     11.11%     55.56% |           2     22.22%     77.78% |           2     22.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv::total            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |        2216      0.77%      0.77% |      284091     98.61%     99.38% |        1247      0.43%     99.81% |         541      0.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total       288095                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           4     26.67%     26.67% |           3     20.00%     46.67% |           4     26.67%     73.33% |           4     26.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total           15                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |          32     12.40%     12.40% |          40     15.50%     27.91% |         121     46.90%     74.81% |          65     25.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total          258                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |     1169779      0.97%      0.97% |   118929025     98.70%     99.67% |      190468      0.16%     99.83% |      210695      0.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total    120499967                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |        6044      1.80%      1.80% |      322703     96.18%     97.98% |        2958      0.88%     98.86% |        3825      1.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       335530                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |        4180     39.73%     39.73% |        1174     11.16%     50.89% |        2265     21.53%     72.42% |        2902     27.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        10521                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      822581      0.97%      0.97% |    83382787     98.72%     99.69% |      123137      0.15%     99.84% |      135649      0.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     84464154                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |      315450      0.94%      0.94% |    33244437     98.74%     99.68% |       52372      0.16%     99.84% |       54969      0.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     33667228                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |         228     34.08%     34.08% |         153     22.87%     56.95% |         163     24.36%     81.32% |         125     18.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total          669                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |      105617      1.33%      1.33% |     7712608     97.15%     98.48% |       45585      0.57%     99.05% |       75399      0.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      7939209                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         866     17.41%     17.41% |        1095     22.01%     39.42% |        1495     30.05%     69.47% |        1519     30.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         4975                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        8996     36.93%     36.93% |        1477      6.06%     42.99% |        7403     30.39%     73.38% |        6484     26.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        24360                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       75763      1.37%      1.37% |     5373949     96.95%     98.32% |       35397      0.64%     98.96% |       57883      1.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      5542992                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        5598     22.74%     22.74% |        6023     24.46%     47.20% |        5107     20.74%     67.95% |        7891     32.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        24619                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       58855      6.58%      6.58% |      713516     79.76%     86.33% |       56229      6.29%     92.62% |       66025      7.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       894625                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        1717     29.00%     29.00% |        1063     17.95%     46.95% |         934     15.77%     62.73% |        2207     37.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         5921                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       33925      1.26%      1.26% |     2621637     97.36%     98.62% |       16207      0.60%     99.22% |       20994      0.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      2692763                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |       17371     44.02%     44.02% |        8601     21.80%     65.82% |        5743     14.55%     80.37% |        7746     19.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        39461                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        8041     36.77%     36.77% |        4042     18.48%     55.26% |        3954     18.08%     73.34% |        5830     26.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total        21867                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      107833      1.31%      1.31% |     7996699     97.20%     98.51% |       46831      0.57%     99.08% |       75940      0.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      8227303                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.Store |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.Store::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       61065      6.83%      6.83% |      714511     79.90%     86.73% |       53765      6.01%     92.74% |       64922      7.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       894263                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        2240     13.16%     13.16% |        2243     13.18%     26.33% |        5623     33.03%     59.37% |        6917     40.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        17023                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |       63305      6.95%      6.95% |      716754     78.65%     85.60% |       59388      6.52%     92.12% |       71839      7.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total       911286                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |         171      3.72%      3.72% |        4224     91.87%     95.59% |          86      1.87%     97.46% |         117      2.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total         4598                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        2356      0.81%      0.81% |      288303     98.54%     99.34% |        1304      0.45%     99.79% |         617      0.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       292580                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |          71     17.97%     17.97% |          56     14.18%     32.15% |         156     39.49%     71.65% |         112     28.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          395                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |        2256      0.78%      0.78% |      284135     98.53%     99.31% |        1374      0.48%     99.79% |         612      0.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total       288377                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |        5622      4.83%      4.83% |      102473     87.96%     92.78% |        3832      3.29%     96.07% |        4575      3.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total       116502                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        6044      1.80%      1.80% |      322703     96.18%     97.98% |        2958      0.88%     98.86% |        3825      1.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       335530                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        4180     39.73%     39.73% |        1174     11.16%     50.89% |        2265     21.53%     72.42% |        2902     27.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        10521                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |        4602      2.00%      2.00% |      221404     96.45%     98.46% |        1391      0.61%     99.06% |        2152      0.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total       229549                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        6462434      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        2698686      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE        15948      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        8227305      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement        24074      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean        15363      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data         57762      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack          40336      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          13102      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean        12186      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack               3544      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all           1866      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          24619      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      8257622      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv           1798      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS        30537      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX        27225      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       894605      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         5921      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE        15946      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          334      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean         1451      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.MEM_Inv           72      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      5512465      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX      2660548      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement        23469      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean        13526      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv          806      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        24619      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         4990      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      8227303      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement          271      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean          386      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv           21      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack        40336      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv          806      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data          225      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean           63      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv           21      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data          179      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean          202      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack           3037      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all         1451      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            507      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          406      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.MEM_Inv           72      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS           10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data        30527      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data           10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data        27225      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           59      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        21867      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS          133      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      8235755      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data        12694      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean        11914      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           11      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        24608      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
