
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.892652                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                892652097000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               54405230972501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  96206                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   159371                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              306620387                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1874940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2911.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   280080910                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     463969314                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    121472000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         121472000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     65224128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       65224128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1898000                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            1898000                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1019127                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           1019127                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    136079891                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            136079891                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     73067803                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            73067803                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    209147694                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           209147694                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    1898000                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   1019127                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  1898000                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 1019127                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             121422976                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  49024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               65224064                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              121472000                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            65224128                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   766                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           118359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           116010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           122273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           121238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           120305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           113212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           114885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           116491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           124536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           127486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          121784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          118292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          115955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          117692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          117244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          111472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            65414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            62194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            64720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            65671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            63581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            61241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            61723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            61693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            66922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            65382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           64217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           63874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           64235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           63781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           62724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           61754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 892651884500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              1898000                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             1019127                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                1888793                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   8424                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                  1742                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                  1852                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 63280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 63501                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 63495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 63486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 63486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 63500                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 63484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 63481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 63487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 63481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 63475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 63476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 63483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 63476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 63464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 63463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      2740934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    68.096169                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    66.333028                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.999033                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2617839     95.51%     95.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       116680      4.26%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3131      0.11%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          744      0.03%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          355      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          256      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          230      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          175      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1524      0.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      2740934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        63462                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.895969                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.943854                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-15            63      0.10%      0.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-31        43315     68.25%     68.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-47        19673     31.00%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-63          159      0.25%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-79           12      0.02%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-95           16      0.03%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::96-111           39      0.06%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::112-127           38      0.06%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-143           48      0.08%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::144-159           37      0.06%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::160-175           26      0.04%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::176-191           10      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::192-207           13      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::208-223            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::224-239            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::240-255            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-271            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::288-303            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::320-335            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        63462                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        63462                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.058838                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.055333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.351221                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           61627     97.11%     97.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              54      0.09%     97.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            1717      2.71%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              38      0.06%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              17      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               4      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::26               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::29               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        63462                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 48205557928                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            83778695428                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                9486170000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    25408.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               44158.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      136.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       73.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   136.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    73.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  106542                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  68884                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                 5.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                6.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    306003.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                    6.02                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy             10289840400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              5614496250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             7404805200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            3281433120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         58833272160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        538740009270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy         67877262750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          692041119150                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           768.285492                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 105314984500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  29807700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 757530809500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy             10461323880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              5708063625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             7502578200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            3325646160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         58833272160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        539722617165                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy         67015334250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          692568835440                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           768.871337                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 104834173252                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  29807700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 758012757998                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    121227328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         121227328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     65171648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       65171648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1894177                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            1894177                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1018307                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           1018307                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    135805795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            135805795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     73009012                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            73009012                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    208814808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           208814808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    1894177                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   1018307                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  1894177                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 1018307                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             121182720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  44608                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               65171648                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              121227328                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            65171648                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   697                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           118987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           116824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           119716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           118630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           119610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           114869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           114889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           115777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           123790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           126915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          122293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11          118059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          116072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          118495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          116531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          112023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            65292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            62836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            63710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            65406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            63211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            62222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            61998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            61515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            65868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            65445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           64492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           63833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           63796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           64096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           62506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           62081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 892652201500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              1894177                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             1018307                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                1885567                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   7889                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                  1689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                  1779                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 63299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 63447                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 63459                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 63437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 63448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 63454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 63426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 63436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 63433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 63429                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 63436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 63429                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 63435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 63427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 63420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 63419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      2738884                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    68.040232                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    66.312795                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    30.669336                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2616224     95.52%     95.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       116734      4.26%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2809      0.10%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          652      0.02%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          318      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          249      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          202      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          203      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1493      0.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      2738884                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        63419                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.858307                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.870611                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-15            63      0.10%      0.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-31        43325     68.32%     68.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-47        19604     30.91%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-63          164      0.26%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-79           15      0.02%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-95           29      0.05%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::96-111           24      0.04%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::112-127           48      0.08%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-143           56      0.09%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::144-159           30      0.05%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::160-175           32      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::176-191           10      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::192-207            7      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::208-223            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::224-239            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::240-255            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-271            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::288-303            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::320-335            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        63419                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        63419                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.056813                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.053405                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.347050                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           61654     97.22%     97.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              40      0.06%     97.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            1665      2.63%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              35      0.06%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              18      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::28               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::31               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        63419                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 48230808928                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            83733558928                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                9467400000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    25472.05                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               44222.05                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      135.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       73.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   135.81                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    73.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  103596                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  69307                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                 5.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                6.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    306491.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                    5.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy             10288343520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              5613679500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             7377528600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            3281024880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         58833272160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        538606805400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy         67994108250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          691994762310                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           768.234028                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 105498027251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  29807700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 757346126249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy             10446975000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              5700234375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             7500565800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            3320727840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         58833272160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        539812609335                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy         66936393750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          692550778260                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           768.851290                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 104766404500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  29807700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 758080526750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      1786272226                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1509282                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3166280                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              3109262                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    68                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      83934                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       257504                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     3109262                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           68                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            6080042                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           2551499                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  70                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                 62                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             1947287                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            1046905                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       650135                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     403408                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    246727                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              1776240287.433626                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              10031938.566374                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.005616                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.994384                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           367480                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                39651      1.25%      1.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  2462496     77.76%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    4271      0.13%     79.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    10264      0.32%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                     24      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  403408     12.74%     92.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 246727      7.79%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   3166841                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      1783037334                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    3805990                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      7479725                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              7362110                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1928                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     176283                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       676720                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     7362110                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         1928                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           14402104                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           5980956                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                3235                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               1535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             4895807                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            2647591                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1556958                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1018191                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    538767                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              1762719970.458718                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              20317363.541282                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.011395                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.988605                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           891928                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                38279      0.51%      0.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  5867399     78.44%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    8690      0.12%     79.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                     7045      0.09%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   1446      0.02%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1018191     13.61%     92.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 538767      7.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   7479817                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      1784205790                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  269286397                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                    442586153                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses            346559822                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses             109594681                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    5376806                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts     16414206                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                   346559822                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                    109594681                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads          737170449                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         276079195                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads           204618310                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes          105641720                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           177428752                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          152777796                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     92899916                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   73868280                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  19031636                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              18907236.212201                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              1765298553.787799                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.989403                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.010597                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                         26487125                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              3913076      0.88%      0.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                254756780     57.56%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    2902      0.00%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                      448      0.00%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd               91015565     20.56%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                73868280     16.69%     95.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               19031636      4.30%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                 442588687                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      1787472334                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    2250302                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      4524864                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              4409795                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                   372                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      94400                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       392172                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     4409795                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                          372                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads            8505027                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           3607975                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                 596                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                261                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             2879490                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            1721588                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                       885437                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     547355                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    338082                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              1773747746.592443                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              13724587.407557                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.007678                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.992322                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           519584                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                36691      0.81%      0.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  3587108     79.27%     80.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    4272      0.09%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    11200      0.25%     80.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                    244      0.01%     80.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  547355     12.10%     92.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 338082      7.47%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   4524952                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  555                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 555                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1909                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1909                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                76                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               76                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          644                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1326                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1378                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1072                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5080                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           60                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           60                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          364                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           87                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          996                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1467                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          490                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1004                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1523                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          310                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1004                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1346                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          370                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1028                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1418                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     6002                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              2375500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                20497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              112500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              605984                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              616481                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy              729249                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              624484                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              106941                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              967500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              960500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              771000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy              841000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages          886                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      3629056                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs          886                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           37                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       151552                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           37                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               84494966                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.254033                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 1.402899                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    81815686     96.83%     96.83% |        8234      0.01%     96.84% |     2669248      3.16%    100.00% |         526      0.00%    100.00% |        1230      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 84494966                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    486814126                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000671                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   486813907    100.00%    100.00% |         219      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    486814126                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      486814126                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          2.718307                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.163015                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        16.134399                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   486618054     99.96%     99.96% |      150396      0.03%     99.99% |       44015      0.01%    100.00% |        1283      0.00%    100.00% |         342      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        486814126                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    453971867                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   453971867    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    453971867                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     32842259                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    26.470116                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     9.379076                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    57.041143                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    32646187     99.40%     99.40% |      150396      0.46%     99.86% |       44015      0.13%     99.99% |        1283      0.00%    100.00% |         342      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     32842259                      
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits       574149                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses        82073                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses       656222                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits      1848006                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses       105370                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses      1953376                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits      1384164                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses       174919                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses      1559083                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits      4716667                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses       144990                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses      4861657                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits     83922325                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses     27847375                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses    111769700                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits    357904567                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses      4272459                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses    362177026                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits       764271                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses       123318                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses       887589                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits      2857718                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses        91755                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses      2949473                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits        128577                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses        58866                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses       187443                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits        214321                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses       105588                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses       319909                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits      23539201                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses      8580633                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses     32119834                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits        132106                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses        82967                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses       215073                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      5069846                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      3758208                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      8828054                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            33                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.014376                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0        58866                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2        38490                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1        75074                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1        37521                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2        40655                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         6877                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        11845                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6935                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0       470928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       307920                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5405328                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       300168                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       325240                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       495144                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       852840                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        55480                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.025602                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0       105588                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2        32294                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1       120252                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1        83187                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2        85123                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        37136                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         8705                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        27298                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0       844704                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       258352                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8658144                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       665496                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       680984                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2673792                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       626760                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       218384                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     1.843228                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0      8580633                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2         9503                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1      8581814                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1      8401333                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8396364                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2576576                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          169                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      5814018                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0     68645064                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        76024                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    617890608                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     67210664                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     67170912                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    185513472                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        12168                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     46512144                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.018757                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0        82967                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2        30992                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1        90213                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1        59204                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::2        60070                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        23156                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         7915                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14680                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0       663736                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       247936                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6495336                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       473632                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       480560                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1667232                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       569880                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       117440                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     2.751006                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0     12563326                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2        75525                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1     14592780                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1     13984845                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8582212                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2643745                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        28634                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      5862931                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0    100506608                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       604200                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1050680160                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    111878760                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     68657696                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    190349640                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2061648                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     46903448                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.432202                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0      1869489                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2916560                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2714963                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29833                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1184                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0     14955912                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    209992320                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     21719704                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       238664                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         9472                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.431465                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0      1865783                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2911876                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2708307                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1184                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0     14926264                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    209655072                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     21666456                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       237376                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         9472                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.008067                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57137                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59505                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2368                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4113864                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       476040                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        18944                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.425016                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0     12563326                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2       111279                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1     14672853                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1     13994680                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8582212                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2643745                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        28634                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      5922436                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2368                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0    100506608                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       890232                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1056445416                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    111957440                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     68657696                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    190349640                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2061648                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     47379488                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        18944                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        37689978                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       298083                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     44018559                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     67730676                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      8017137                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     17774412                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        301519824                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      2384664                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   3169336248                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    541845408                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    577233864                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    142195296                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.016034                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        38490                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57104                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        20084                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       307920                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4111488                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       160672                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.012718                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        58866                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17970                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        17437                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        40655                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         6877                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        11845                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6935                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       470928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1293840                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       139496                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       325240                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       495144                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       852840                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        55480                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.029112                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        32294                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       104382                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        67743                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       258352                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7515504                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       541944                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.022093                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       105588                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        15870                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        15444                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        85123                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        37136                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         8705                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        27298                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       844704                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1142640                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       123552                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       680984                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2673792                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       626760                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       218384                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     2.397891                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         9503                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      8579627                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      8393165                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        76024                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    617733144                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     67145320                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     1.288564                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      8580633                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         2187                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         8168                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8396364                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2576576                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          169                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      5814018                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     68645064                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       157464                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        65344                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     67170912                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    185513472                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        12168                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     46512144                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.022651                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        30992                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        81916                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        40544                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       247936                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5897952                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       324352                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.014863                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        82967                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         8297                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18660                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        60070                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        23156                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         7915                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14680                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       663736                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       597384                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       149280                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       480560                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1667232                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       569880                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       117440                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     2.378157                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      8828054                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3756660                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3780119                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8582212                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2643745                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        28634                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      5862931                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     70624432                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    270479520                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     30240952                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     68657696                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    190349640                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2061648                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     46903448                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     3.123854                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      3735272                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        75525                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1     10836120                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1     10204726                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     29882176                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       604200                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    780200640                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     81637808                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.333643                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1869489                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1018422                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       847962                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29833                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     14955912                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     73326384                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6783696                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       238664                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.530762                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1898138                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1867001                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1184                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    136665936                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     14936008                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         9472                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.333247                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1865783                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1017605                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       845063                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     14926264                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     73267560                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6760504                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       237376                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.529682                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1894271                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1863244                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1184                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    136387512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     14905952                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         9472                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014468                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57137                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2368                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4113864                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        18944                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001667                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59505                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       476040                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.link_utilization     0.016034                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        38490                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57104                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1        20084                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       307920                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4111488                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       160672                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.link_utilization     0.029112                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2        32294                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1       104382                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1        67743                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       258352                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7515504                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       541944                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.link_utilization     2.397891                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2         9503                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1      8579627                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1      8393165                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        76024                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    617733144                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     67145320                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.link_utilization     0.022651                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2        30992                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1        81916                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1        40544                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       247936                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5897952                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       324352                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.link_utilization     2.378157                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0      8828054                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3756660                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3780119                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8582212                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2643745                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        28634                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      5862931                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0     70624432                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    270479520                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     30240952                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     68657696                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    190349640                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2061648                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     46903448                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.link_utilization     0.333643                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0      1869489                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1018422                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1       847962                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29833                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0     14955912                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     73326384                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6783696                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       238664                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.link_utilization     0.333247                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0      1865783                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1017605                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       845063                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29672                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0     14926264                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     73267560                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6760504                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       237376                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.link_utilization     0.014468                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57137                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2368                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4113864                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        18944                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle12.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      25916942                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         0.818189                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        2.426018                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    23268725     89.78%     89.78% |        2736      0.01%     89.79% |     2643790     10.20%     99.99% |         465      0.00%    100.00% |        1185      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        25916942                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      57752237                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.004493                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.179594                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    57721174     99.95%     99.95% |        5498      0.01%     99.96% |       25458      0.04%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        57752237                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        825787                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000019                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.006225                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      825779    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          825787                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     89432280                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       6.059763                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.756844                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     25.591082                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    89341723     99.90%     99.90% |       69002      0.08%     99.98% |       20708      0.02%    100.00% |         631      0.00%    100.00% |         183      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      89432280                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     65563961                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    65563961    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     65563961                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     23868319                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    19.958443                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     8.260215                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    46.801310                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    23777762     99.62%     99.62% |       69002      0.29%     99.91% |       20708      0.09%    100.00% |         631      0.00%    100.00% |         183      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     23868319                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     15046644                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.392694                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.061256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      6.585240                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    15045666     99.99%     99.99% |         548      0.00%    100.00% |         373      0.00%    100.00% |          43      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      15046644                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     14597856                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14597856    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     14597856                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       448788                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    14.165967                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     7.339633                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    35.857413                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      447810     99.78%     99.78% |         548      0.12%     99.90% |         373      0.08%     99.99% |          43      0.01%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       448788                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    371941532                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.093693                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.023290                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.804569                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   371925491    100.00%    100.00% |       14629      0.00%    100.00% |         436      0.00%    100.00% |         614      0.00%    100.00% |         227      0.00%    100.00% |         118      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    371941532                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    367326958                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   367326958    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    367326958                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      4614574                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     8.551759                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.396183                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    14.358092                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     4598533     99.65%     99.65% |       14629      0.32%     99.97% |         436      0.01%     99.98% |         614      0.01%     99.99% |         227      0.00%    100.00% |         118      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      4614574                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       180590                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     7.559804                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.596824                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    31.263328                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      177153     98.10%     98.10% |        3140      1.74%     99.84% |         106      0.06%     99.89% |         114      0.06%     99.96% |          55      0.03%     99.99% |          18      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       180590                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       146884                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      146884    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       146884                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        33706                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.146116                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    12.274698                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    65.054510                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       30269     89.80%     89.80% |        3140      9.32%     99.12% |         106      0.31%     99.43% |         114      0.34%     99.77% |          55      0.16%     99.93% |          18      0.05%     99.99% |           2      0.01%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        33706                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      5106540                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    67.982433                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean    14.280207                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    91.057105                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |     3264692     63.93%     63.93% |     1739020     34.05%     97.99% |       36799      0.72%     98.71% |       42777      0.84%     99.54% |       16019      0.31%     99.86% |        6497      0.13%     99.99% |          23      0.00%     99.99% |         572      0.01%    100.00% |         141      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      5106540                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1229668                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1229668    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1229668                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3876872                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    89.227952                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.188964                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    95.114757                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     2035024     52.49%     52.49% |     1739020     44.86%     97.35% |       36799      0.95%     98.30% |       42777      1.10%     99.40% |       16019      0.41%     99.81% |        6497      0.17%     99.98% |          23      0.00%     99.98% |         572      0.01%    100.00% |         141      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3876872                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples      5106540                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5106540    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total      5106540                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5106540                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5106540    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      5106540                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |     1869489     50.05%     50.05% |     1865783     49.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      3735272                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |     1018422     50.02%     50.02% |     1017605     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      2036027                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     1898000     50.05%     50.05% |     1894177     49.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      3792177                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     1019127     50.02%     50.02% |     1018307     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      2037434                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       28649     50.14%     50.14% |       28488     49.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        57137                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        1184     50.00%     50.00% |        1184     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2368                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      847962     50.09%     50.09% |      845063     49.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      1693025                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |     1869489     50.05%     50.05% |     1865783     49.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      3735272                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |       28511     50.10%     50.10% |       28394     49.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        56905                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         705     50.11%     50.11% |         702     49.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         1407                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |       28511     50.10%     50.10% |       28394     49.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total        56905                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         705     50.11%     50.11% |         702     49.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         1407                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |     1017805     50.02%     50.02% |     1017029     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      2034834                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         138     59.48%     59.48% |          94     40.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          232                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         479     49.84%     49.84% |         482     50.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          961                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      847962     50.09%     50.09% |      845063     49.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      1693025                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     1869489     50.05%     50.05% |     1865783     49.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      3735272                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |     1017805     50.02%     50.02% |     1017029     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      2034834                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |         138     59.48%     59.48% |          94     40.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total          232                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |         138     59.48%     59.48% |          94     40.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          232                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         479     49.84%     49.84% |         482     50.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          961                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         479     49.84%     49.84% |         482     50.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          961                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       57137    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        57137                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2368                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       57137    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          57137                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2368                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       57137    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        57137                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2368                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       57137    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        57137                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2368                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |      379423      0.42%      0.42% |      937834      1.05%      1.47% |    87632562     97.99%     99.46% |      482461      0.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total     89432280                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     1953376      0.53%      0.53% |     4861657      1.31%      1.83% |   362177026     97.37%     99.21% |     2949473      0.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    371941532                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |      276799      1.09%      1.09% |      621249      2.44%      3.53% |    24137138     94.88%     98.41% |      405128      1.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total     25440314                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |       35931      5.03%      5.03% |       39484      5.53%     10.55% |      599262     83.87%     94.43% |       39831      5.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total       714508                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |      171941      0.53%      0.53% |      301721      0.93%      1.46% |    31672457     97.92%     99.38% |      199710      0.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total     32345829                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |      105910      1.51%      1.51% |      102645      1.47%      2.98% |     6693811     95.70%     98.68% |       92511      1.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total      6994877                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       81533      0.32%      0.32% |      217264      0.84%      1.16% |    25426023     98.37%     99.53% |      122562      0.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total     25847382                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       61486      0.26%      0.26% |      135026      0.57%      0.82% |    23586785     98.82%     99.64% |       85022      0.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     23868319                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      105370      2.28%      2.28% |      144990      3.14%      5.43% |     4272459     92.59%     98.01% |       91755      1.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total      4614574                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       19169      0.44%      0.44% |       38839      0.89%      1.33% |     4259699     97.81%     99.14% |       37345      0.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      4355052                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |       21854      9.83%      9.83% |       22338     10.05%     19.87% |      152754     68.69%     88.57% |       25425     11.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total       222371                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       42649      0.62%      0.62% |       52758      0.77%      1.39% |     6705031     97.87%     99.26% |       50574      0.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      6851012                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     1491675      5.26%      5.26% |     2147863      7.57%     12.83% |    23017634     81.12%     93.94% |     1718799      6.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     28375971                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        1418     32.87%     32.87% |        1054     24.43%     57.30% |         891     20.65%     77.96% |         951     22.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         4314                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        5388     10.25%     10.25% |        5851     11.13%     21.37% |       34852     66.27%     87.65% |        6496     12.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        52587                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |       99100      1.43%      1.43% |       95716      1.38%      2.81% |     6658087     95.97%     98.77% |       85096      1.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total      6937999                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |       62733      0.14%      0.14% |      232471      0.53%      0.67% |    43590317     99.07%     99.74% |      114277      0.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     43999798                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |      356331      0.11%      0.11% |     2568804      0.76%      0.86% |   334886933     98.80%     99.66% |     1138919      0.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total    338950987                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       11745      1.54%      1.54% |       48156      6.31%      7.84% |      672368     88.03%     95.88% |       31491      4.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       763760                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        4644      1.18%      1.18% |        6560      1.66%      2.84% |      380114     96.23%     99.06% |        3697      0.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total       395015                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |       44558      0.22%      0.22% |      122702      0.60%      0.82% |    20112948     98.94%     99.76% |       49033      0.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total     20329241                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      212555      1.44%      1.44% |      517579      3.52%      4.96% |    13750429     93.46%     98.42% |      232588      1.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     14713151                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      244467      1.20%      1.20% |      533200      2.62%      3.83% |    19204180     94.52%     98.35% |      335341      1.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     20317188                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        4045      9.08%      9.08% |        4735     10.63%     19.71% |       31542     70.83%     90.54% |        4213      9.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        44535                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |       28283      0.56%      0.56% |       83303      1.64%      2.20% |     4901422     96.51%     98.71% |       65581      1.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total      5078589                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data |       85002      8.53%      8.53% |       78721      7.90%     16.42% |      759395     76.18%     92.60% |       73747      7.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data::total       996865                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive |       20368      0.56%      0.56% |       66269      1.83%      2.39% |     3513064     97.11%     99.50% |       18008      0.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive::total      3617709                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       20908      0.35%      0.35% |       23924      0.40%      0.75% |     5934416     98.94%     99.69% |       18764      0.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      5998012                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       40578      0.23%      0.23% |      111102      0.62%      0.85% |    17652369     98.78%     99.63% |       66258      0.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total     17870307                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |       19169      0.44%      0.44% |       38839      0.89%      1.33% |     4259699     97.81%     99.14% |       37345      0.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total      4355052                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |        1418     32.87%     32.87% |        1054     24.43%     57.30% |         891     20.65%     77.96% |         951     22.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total         4314                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      166856      0.59%      0.59% |      280016      0.98%      1.57% |    27859244     97.81%     99.38% |      176777      0.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     28482893                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |       20587      0.47%      0.47% |       39893      0.92%      1.39% |     4260590     97.73%     99.12% |       38296      0.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      4359366                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |       72841      0.29%      0.29% |      206005      0.81%      1.10% |    25014370     98.45%     99.55% |      114614      0.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total     25407830                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |        4045      9.08%      9.08% |        4735     10.63%     19.71% |       31542     70.83%     90.54% |        4213      9.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total        44535                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       29282     33.15%     33.15% |       24149     27.34%     60.48% |        8337      9.44%     69.92% |       26575     30.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        88343                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |       32222      2.45%      2.45% |       42528      3.24%      5.69% |     1198024     91.18%     96.87% |       41104      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      1313878                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |       39640     34.43%     34.43% |       36440     31.65%     66.08% |         500      0.43%     66.51% |       38558     33.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total       115138                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       29688      0.34%      0.34% |       82235      0.94%      1.28% |     8578690     98.06%     99.34% |       57401      0.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      8748014                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         446     28.81%     28.81% |         420     27.13%     55.94% |         145      9.37%     65.31% |         537     34.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         1548                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        8762     40.97%     40.97% |        7725     36.12%     77.09% |        1021      4.77%     81.86% |        3880     18.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        21388                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |         309     32.91%     32.91% |         255     27.16%     60.06% |         131     13.95%     74.01% |         244     25.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total          939                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       25866      0.42%      0.42% |       62538      1.02%      1.44% |     6003970     97.95%     99.40% |       36999      0.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      6129373                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        4984     23.30%     23.30% |        3578     16.73%     40.03% |        4321     20.20%     60.23% |        8505     39.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        21388                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       25945      0.97%      0.97% |       38011      1.42%      2.39% |     2571205     96.25%     98.65% |       36168      1.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      2671329                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |       31886      4.76%      4.76% |       34749      5.19%      9.95% |      567720     84.74%     94.68% |       35618      5.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total       669973                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        4201     47.22%     47.22% |        1848     20.77%     68.00% |        1434     16.12%     84.12% |        1413     15.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total         8896                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        2071     34.73%     34.73% |        1461     24.50%     59.22% |        1137     19.06%     78.29% |        1295     21.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         5964                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       13812      0.16%      0.16% |       64434      0.76%      0.92% |     8390594     98.64%     99.56% |       37836      0.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      8506676                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       49061      0.77%      0.77% |       86581      1.35%      2.12% |     6192560     96.81%     98.93% |       68401      1.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      6396603                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        8043      0.33%      0.33% |       17801      0.73%      1.07% |     2387067     98.38%     99.44% |       13515      0.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      2426426                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |        2183     14.68%     14.68% |        2331     15.67%     30.35% |        7640     51.36%     81.71% |        2720     18.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total        14874                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       77245      1.15%      1.15% |       73129      1.09%      2.24% |     6505126     96.87%     99.11% |       59707      0.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      6715207                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        1483     31.60%     31.60% |        1191     25.38%     56.98% |        1000     21.31%     78.29% |        1019     21.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         4693                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |       15119      6.34%      6.34% |       17154      7.20%     13.54% |      187496     78.68%     92.22% |       18532      7.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       238301                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |       12123     33.07%     33.07% |       11035     30.10%     63.17% |         110      0.30%     63.47% |       13389     36.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        36657                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |        5470     43.97%     43.97% |        5473     44.00%     87.97% |          95      0.76%     88.73% |        1402     11.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total        12440                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |         279     84.04%     84.04% |          15      4.52%     88.55% |           6      1.81%     90.36% |          32      9.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total          332                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |       14342     33.92%     33.92% |       12545     29.67%     63.59% |         521      1.23%     64.82% |       14874     35.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total        42282                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |       15876      6.58%      6.58% |       17801      7.38%     13.95% |      188096     77.94%     91.89% |       19565      8.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total       241338                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |       22710      0.39%      0.39% |       57727      0.99%      1.38% |     5714276     98.03%     99.41% |       34323      0.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total      5829036                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |          80      0.03%      0.03% |        1691      0.58%      0.61% |      289632     99.15%     99.75% |         717      0.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       292120                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |        3077     37.41%     37.41% |        3145     38.24%     75.66% |          62      0.75%     76.41% |        1940     23.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         8224                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv    |         912     35.72%     35.72% |         568     22.25%     57.97% |           7      0.27%     58.25% |        1066     41.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv::total         2553                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |          74      0.03%      0.03% |        1592      0.55%      0.57% |      289594     99.20%     99.77% |         676      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total       291936                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           2     40.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |        2056     42.59%     42.59% |        2293     47.50%     90.10% |          44      0.91%     91.01% |         434      8.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total         4827                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |       50131      0.26%      0.26% |      148278      0.76%      1.01% |    19300094     98.58%     99.59% |       80291      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total     19578794                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |         912      0.72%      0.72% |        2419      1.91%      2.63% |      121884     96.34%     98.97% |        1303      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       126518                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |        4620     36.41%     36.41% |        4040     31.84%     68.25% |          78      0.61%     68.87% |        3950     31.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        12688                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |       35080      0.23%      0.23% |      114833      0.75%      0.98% |    15161463     98.72%     99.69% |       47267      0.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     15358643                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |       10782      0.56%      0.56% |       20886      1.08%      1.64% |     1872517     97.13%     98.77% |       23730      1.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total      1927915                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |       11845     41.37%     41.37% |        8705     30.40%     71.77% |         169      0.59%     72.36% |        7915     27.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total        28634                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       13738      0.17%      0.17% |       62842      0.76%      0.93% |     8101000     98.62%     99.55% |       37160      0.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      8214740                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         445     28.84%     28.84% |         418     27.09%     55.93% |         144      9.33%     65.26% |         536     34.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         1543                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        6706     40.49%     40.49% |        5432     32.80%     73.29% |         977      5.90%     79.19% |        3446     20.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        16561                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       25866      0.42%      0.42% |       62538      1.02%      1.44% |     6003970     97.95%     99.40% |       36999      0.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      6129373                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        4984     23.30%     23.30% |        3578     16.73%     40.03% |        4321     20.20%     60.23% |        8505     39.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        21388                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       18211      7.41%      7.41% |       20465      8.32%     15.73% |      184269     74.95%     90.69% |       22897      9.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       245842                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |         309     32.91%     32.91% |         255     27.16%     60.06% |         131     13.95%     74.01% |         244     25.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total          939                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |        7734      0.32%      0.32% |       17546      0.72%      1.04% |     2386936     98.41%     99.45% |       13271      0.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      2425487                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        4201     47.22%     47.22% |        1848     20.77%     68.00% |        1434     16.12%     84.12% |        1413     15.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         8896                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        2071     34.73%     34.73% |        1461     24.50%     59.22% |        1137     19.06%     78.29% |        1295     21.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total         5964                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       13812      0.16%      0.16% |       64434      0.76%      0.92% |     8390594     98.64%     99.56% |       37836      0.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      8506676                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       15119      6.34%      6.34% |       17154      7.20%     13.54% |      187496     78.68%     92.22% |       18532      7.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       238301                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |       12123     33.07%     33.07% |       11035     30.10%     63.17% |         110      0.30%     63.47% |       13389     36.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        36657                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |       27242      9.91%      9.91% |       28189     10.25%     20.16% |      187606     68.23%     88.39% |       31921     11.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total       274958                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |         114     11.14%     11.14% |         381     37.24%     48.39% |          48      4.69%     53.08% |         480     46.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total         1023                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |          80      0.03%      0.03% |        1691      0.58%      0.61% |      289632     99.15%     99.75% |         717      0.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       292120                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        3077     37.41%     37.41% |        3145     38.24%     75.66% |          62      0.75%     76.41% |        1940     23.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         8224                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |        3043      1.02%      1.02% |        4455      1.49%      2.51% |      289646     96.77%     99.27% |        2177      0.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total       299321                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |        3931      9.03%      9.03% |        4354     10.01%     19.04% |       31494     72.38%     91.42% |        3733      8.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total        43512                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |         912      0.72%      0.72% |        2419      1.91%      2.63% |      121884     96.34%     98.97% |        1303      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       126518                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        4620     36.41%     36.41% |        4040     31.84%     68.25% |          78      0.61%     68.87% |        3950     31.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        12688                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |        1601      1.67%      1.67% |        2105      2.20%      3.87% |       90468     94.54%     98.41% |        1520      1.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total        95694                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        6396624      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        2426427      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE         5025      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        8506676      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      2019099      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean      1708760      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       3735272      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        3729052      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          21892      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean        28130      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              31883      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all          17991      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          21388      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      8560824      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv           2386      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      1767277      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      1967995      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       245842      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX          939      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE         5025      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          734      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean        14704      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      4362096      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       455944      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement      2016319      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean      1665013      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv         1095      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        21388      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         1548      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      8506676      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         2046      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        29043      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv           98      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      3729052      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv         1095      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data         1734      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean          157      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all          253      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv           98      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data        15735      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean        11008      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all         2300      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          31042      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all        14704      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            841      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          734      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data      1767277      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data      1967995      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           11      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock         5964      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      8554860      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         4412      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean        16938      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           38      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data           11      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean           27      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        21350      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.436291                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1436290644000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               54948869519501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  86797                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   152649                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              321770932                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2125820                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4463.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   387434806                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     681380177                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    238781504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         238781504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0    131063168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total      131063168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3730961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            3730961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2047862                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           2047862                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    166248736                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            166248736                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     91251147                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            91251147                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    257499882                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           257499882                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    3730961                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   2047862                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  3730961                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 2047862                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             238700416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  81088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten              131063104                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              238781504                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys           131063168                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                  1267                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           234646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           230167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           241143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           237090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           234668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           223157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           225608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           227834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           241968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           244233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          238171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          232003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          229465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          233599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          232228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          223714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0           131477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           125913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           129889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           131396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           128047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5           124167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           124450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7           124263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8           132634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9           130360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10          128827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11          127884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12          128563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13          128156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14          126555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15          125280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1436285275500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              3730961                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             2047862                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                3716055                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  13604                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                  3123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                  3347                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                127098                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                127652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                127644                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                127637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                127635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                127639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                127619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                127619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                127617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                127620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                127610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                127609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                127617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                127595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                127582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                127581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      5184864                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    71.315978                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    68.351517                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    37.264979                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      4758223     91.77%     91.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       402765      7.77%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        13823      0.27%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3428      0.07%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1408      0.03%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          951      0.02%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          735      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          462      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3069      0.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      5184864                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples       127576                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.235272                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    24.679561                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255       127559     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            9      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total       127576                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples       127576                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.052087                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.049054                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.325552                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16          124266     97.41%     97.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             110      0.09%     97.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            3120      2.45%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              53      0.04%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              18      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               4      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::26               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::29               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total       127576                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 93163189603                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat           163094952103                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat               18648470000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    24978.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               43728.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      166.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       91.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   166.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    91.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  446788                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 145904                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                11.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                7.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    248542.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   10.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy             19467378000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy             10622081250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy            14514825000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            6608038320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         94340931360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        876485824245                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy         97790597250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1119829675425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           775.292511                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 153121793501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  47960900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1235206598749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy             19759897080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy             10781689875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy            14685754200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            6665243760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         94340931360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        877990945725                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy         96470315250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1120694777250                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           775.891448                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 151871845503                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  47960900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 1236457860747                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    238334336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         238334336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1    130876864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      130876864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3723974                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            3723974                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2044951                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           2044951                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    165937401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            165937401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     91121435                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            91121435                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    257058835                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           257058835                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    3723974                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   2044951                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  3723974                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 2044951                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             238260928                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  73408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten              130877504                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              238334336                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys           130876864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                  1147                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           235766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           231100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           236350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           232522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           232908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           225489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           225755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           226981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           241706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           243314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          238611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11          232471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          229376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          234501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          231465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          224512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0           130987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1           126559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2           127667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3           130966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4           127421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5           125370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6           124704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7           124111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8           131652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9           130280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10          128961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11          127972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12          127526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13          128841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14          126284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15          125660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1436289448000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              3723974                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             2044951                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                3710536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  12255                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                  2975                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                  3133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                127095                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                127486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                127486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                127455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                127466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                127467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                127445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                127447                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                127448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                127447                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                127446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                127438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                127441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                127430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                127420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                127417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      5179542                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    71.268547                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    68.330681                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    37.112380                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      4754341     91.79%     91.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       402107      7.76%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        13301      0.26%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3255      0.06%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1361      0.03%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          926      0.02%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          702      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          478      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3071      0.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      5179542                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples       127417                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.218636                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    28.853974                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255       127402     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            8      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total       127417                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples       127417                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.049358                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.046468                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.318293                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16          124293     97.55%     97.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              89      0.07%     97.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            2959      2.32%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              50      0.04%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              19      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::28               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::31               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total       127417                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 93165802338                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat           162968808588                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat               18614135000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    25025.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               43775.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      165.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       91.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   165.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    91.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  441274                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 146972                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                11.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                7.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    248970.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   10.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy             19445522040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy             10610155875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy            14456574600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            6596160480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         94340931360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        876283899750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy         97967724000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1119700968105                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           775.203403                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 153407390005                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  47960900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1234921157995                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy             19741170960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy             10771472250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy            14690434200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            6658310160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         94340931360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        878400530055                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy         96111030750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1120713879735                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           775.904673                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 151340170750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  47960900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 1236989535500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2874223848                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    4580291                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      9024171                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              8899769                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                 16303                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     197000                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       719301                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     8899769                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                        16303                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           17547949                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           7198010                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               26435                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              12905                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             5107642                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            3083066                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      1942607                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    1152465                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    790142                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2846686841.193210                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              27537006.806790                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.009581                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.990419                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          1014097                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                73742      0.82%      0.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  6967992     77.21%     78.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    8955      0.10%     78.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    19537      0.22%     78.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  12164      0.13%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 1152465     12.77%     91.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 790142      8.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   9025045                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2871114429                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  105937325                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    214800598                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            200886324                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses              11022497                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    3565215                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     16843350                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   200886324                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                     11022497                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          395515294                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         160877514                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads            21537076                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes           10917411                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           118439251                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           66936411                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     42701145                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   29535713                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  13165432                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              1780525516.429712                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              1090588912.570288                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.379849                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.620151                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         24754754                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               530224      0.25%      0.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                161119769     75.01%     75.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   33626      0.02%     75.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                     8348      0.00%     75.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd               10417144      4.85%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                29535713     13.75%     93.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               13165432      6.13%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 214810288                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      2873268676                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  270632072                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                    445198227                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses            349124412                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses             109597789                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    5440008                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts     16610195                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                   349124412                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                    109597789                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads          742418339                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         278149107                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads           204623371                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes          105644165                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           178846918                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          153624705                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     93538181                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   74258107                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  19280074                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              1097425640.225276                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              1775843035.774724                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.618057                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.381943                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                         26767736                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              3937580      0.88%      0.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                256695125     57.66%     58.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    5764      0.00%     58.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                     6407      0.00%     58.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd               91017907     20.44%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                74258107     16.68%     95.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               19280074      4.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                 445200964                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      2868720665                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    3056179                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      6144889                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              5996892                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  7824                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     139125                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       500748                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     5996892                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         7824                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           11769701                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           4886831                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               12908                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               6233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             3685786                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            2195451                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1295250                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     797309                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    497941                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              2849313587.389956                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              19407077.610043                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.006765                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.993235                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           689272                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                54194      0.88%      0.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  4768705     77.60%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    6514      0.11%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    14480      0.24%     78.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   5956      0.10%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  797309     12.97%     91.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 497941      8.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   6145099                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1680                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1680                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                2989                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               2989                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               127                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              127                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          872                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           62                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           96                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           58                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          810                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           54                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3008                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    9592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           92                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           92                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           92                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          372                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          410                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          135                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1644                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2345                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          124                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           48                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1708                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          310                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          116                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          582                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1620                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          370                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          727                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2893                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    10682                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              2456500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy               203982                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             1923000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              994977                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1100839                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1104245                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1007481                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              148439                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1395000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1372000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             2057000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             2391500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages          886                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      3629056                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs          886                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           39                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       159744                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           39                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples              224980198                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.275976                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 1.460378                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |   217230702     96.56%     96.56% |       24722      0.01%     96.57% |     7718784      3.43%    100.00% |        1724      0.00%    100.00% |        4093      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |         142      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                224980198                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   1169204772                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000983                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1169203642    100.00%    100.00% |        1130      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   1169204772                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     1169204772                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          3.039361                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.178048                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        17.959727                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  1168623589     99.95%     99.95% |      438107      0.04%     99.99% |      137093      0.01%    100.00% |        3832      0.00%    100.00% |        1693      0.00%    100.00% |         196      0.00%    100.00% |         170      0.00%    100.00% |          75      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       1169204772                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1086137766                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1086137766    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1086137766                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     83067006                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    29.704911                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.038040                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    61.437992                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    82485823     99.30%     99.30% |      438107      0.53%     99.83% |      137093      0.17%     99.99% |        3832      0.00%    100.00% |        1693      0.00%    100.00% |         196      0.00%    100.00% |         170      0.00%    100.00% |          75      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     83067006                      
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits      1733126                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses       225661                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses      1958787                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits      5793830                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses       227725                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses      6021555                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits     38751548                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses     15314930                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses     54066478                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits    136807783                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses      1861199                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses    138668982                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits     84479878                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses     27931859                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses    112411737                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits    359612084                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses      4344492                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses    363956576                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits      1124290                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses       174735                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses      1299025                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits      3863360                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses       144146                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses      4007506                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits        290730                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses       162656                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses       453386                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits      11026289                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses      6149840                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses     17176129                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits      23632099                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses      8644252                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses     32276351                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits        194893                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses       123988                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses       318881                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      7640688                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      7440048                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses     15080736                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            80                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.022821                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0       162656                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2        65557                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1       182834                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1       113339                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2       123402                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        30393                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        21929                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        40901                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0      1301248                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       524456                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     13164048                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       906712                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       987216                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2188296                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1578888                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       327208                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.860397                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0      6149840                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2        43091                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1      6168211                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1      6091966                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2      6087959                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2354172                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         8787                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3709004                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0     49198720                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       344728                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    444111192                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     48735728                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     48703672                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    169500384                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       632664                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     29672032                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     1.155510                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0      8644252                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2        41155                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1      8667428                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1      8448330                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8446673                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2589615                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         5219                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      5831136                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0     69154016                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       329240                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    624054816                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     67586640                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     67573384                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    186452280                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       375768                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     46649088                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.017140                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0       123988                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2        52580                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1       134984                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1        88480                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::2        84295                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        29301                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        13252                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        22303                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0       991904                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       420640                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9718848                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       707840                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       674360                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2109672                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       954144                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       178424                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     3.105797                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0     22478766                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2       135147                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1     26558743                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1     25403898                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2     14742329                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      5003481                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        49187                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9603344                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0    179830128                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1081176                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1912229496                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    203231184                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    117938632                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    360250632                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      3541464                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     76826752                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.531661                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0      3702450                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5778194                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1      5352216                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29899                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1248                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0     29619600                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    416029968                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     42817728                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       239192                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         9984                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.530726                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0      3695580                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5768253                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1      5341321                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29736                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1248                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0     29564640                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    415314216                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     42730568                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       237888                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         9984                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.005016                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57139                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59635                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2496                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4114008                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       477080                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        19968                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.479204                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0     22478766                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2       202383                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1     26657900                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1     25419775                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2     14742329                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      5003481                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        49187                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9662979                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2496                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0    179830128                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1619064                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1919368800                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    203358200                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    117938632                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    360250632                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      3541464                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     77303832                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        19968                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        67436298                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       539913                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     79973686                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control    120486312                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     15158004                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     28996425                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        539490384                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      4319304                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   5758105392                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    963890496                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data   1091376288                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    231971400                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.027575                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        65557                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       159666                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        81693                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       524456                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11495952                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       653544                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.018068                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       162656                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        23168                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31646                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       123402                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        30393                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        21929                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        40901                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1301248                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1668096                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       253168                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       987216                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2188296                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1578888                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       327208                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     1.069489                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        43091                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      6148064                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      6068234                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       344728                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    442660608                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     48545872                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.651304                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      6149840                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        20147                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        23732                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      6087959                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2354172                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         8787                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3709004                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     49198720                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1450584                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       189856                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     48703672                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    169500384                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       632664                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     29672032                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     1.501235                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        41155                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      8642458                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      8425115                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       329240                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    622256976                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     67400920                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.809786                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      8644252                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        24970                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        23215                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8446673                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2589615                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         5219                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      5831136                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     69154016                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1797840                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       185720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     67573384                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    186452280                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       375768                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     46649088                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021051                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        52580                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       122327                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        55881                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       420640                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8807544                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       447048                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.013230                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       123988                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        12657                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        32599                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        84295                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        29301                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        13252                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        22303                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       991904                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       911304                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       260792                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       674360                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2109672                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       954144                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       178424                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     2.773141                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0     15080736                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      7436968                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      7488320                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2     14742329                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      5003481                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        49187                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9603344                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0    120645888                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    535461696                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     59906560                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    117938632                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    360250632                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      3541464                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     76826752                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     3.438453                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      7398030                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       135147                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1     19121775                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1     17915578                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     59184240                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1081176                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1376767800                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    143324624                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.414408                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      3702450                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2047093                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1652252                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29899                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     29619600                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    147390696                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     13218016                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       239192                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.648913                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3731101                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3699964                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1248                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    268639272                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     29599712                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         9984                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.413761                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      3695580                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2044185                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1648280                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29736                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     29564640                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    147181320                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     13186240                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       237888                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.647691                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3724068                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3693041                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1248                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    268132896                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     29544328                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         9984                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.008994                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57139                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2496                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4114008                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        19968                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001038                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59635                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       477080                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.link_utilization     0.027575                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        65557                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1       159666                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1        81693                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       524456                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11495952                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       653544                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.link_utilization     1.069489                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2        43091                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1      6148064                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1      6068234                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       344728                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    442660608                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     48545872                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.link_utilization     1.501235                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2        41155                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1      8642458                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1      8425115                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       329240                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    622256976                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     67400920                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.link_utilization     0.021051                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2        52580                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1       122327                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1        55881                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       420640                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8807544                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       447048                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.link_utilization     2.773141                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0     15080736                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1      7436968                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1      7488320                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2     14742329                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      5003481                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        49187                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9603344                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0    120645888                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    535461696                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     59906560                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    117938632                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    360250632                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      3541464                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     76826752                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.link_utilization     0.414408                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0      3702450                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2047093                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1652252                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29899                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0     29619600                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    147390696                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     13218016                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       239192                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.link_utilization     0.413761                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0      3695580                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2044185                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1648280                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29736                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0     29564640                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    147181320                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     13186240                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       237888                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.link_utilization     0.008994                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57139                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2496                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4114008                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        19968                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle12.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      70346832                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         0.872111                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        2.495649                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    62685968     89.11%     89.11% |        8408      0.01%     89.12% |     7646821     10.87%     99.99% |        1542      0.00%     99.99% |        3923      0.01%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |         141      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        70346832                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples     152654897                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.004840                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.186413                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |   152566265     99.94%     99.94% |       16314      0.01%     99.95% |       71963      0.05%    100.00% |         182      0.00%    100.00% |         170      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total       152654897                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       1978469                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000022                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.006669                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     1978447    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         1978469                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    216941317                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       7.441771                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.858890                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     30.206513                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   216630481     99.86%     99.86% |      231796      0.11%     99.96% |       75182      0.03%    100.00% |        2217      0.00%    100.00% |        1192      0.00%    100.00% |         187      0.00%    100.00% |         170      0.00%    100.00% |          75      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     216941317                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    155560116                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   155560116    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    155560116                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     61381201                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    23.767334                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     8.946043                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    53.414884                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    61070365     99.49%     99.49% |      231796      0.38%     99.87% |       75182      0.12%     99.99% |        2217      0.00%    100.00% |        1192      0.00%    100.00% |         187      0.00%    100.00% |         170      0.00%    100.00% |          75      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     61381201                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     41300967                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.575112                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.066652                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      8.971728                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    41296089     99.99%     99.99% |        3016      0.01%    100.00% |        1711      0.00%    100.00% |         101      0.00%    100.00% |          43      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      41300967                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     40023298                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    40023298    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     40023298                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1277669                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    19.590647                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     8.050836                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    47.613045                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1272791     99.62%     99.62% |        3016      0.24%     99.85% |        1711      0.13%     99.99% |         101      0.01%    100.00% |          43      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1277669                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    884596151                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.096796                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.023709                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.939679                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   884549409     99.99%     99.99% |       42629      0.00%    100.00% |        1213      0.00%    100.00% |        1851      0.00%    100.00% |         673      0.00%    100.00% |         330      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    884596151                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    873404015                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   873404015    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    873404015                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     11192136                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     8.650515                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.372627                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    15.478257                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |    11145394     99.58%     99.58% |       42629      0.38%     99.96% |        1213      0.01%     99.97% |        1851      0.02%     99.99% |         673      0.01%    100.00% |         330      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     11192136                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1204457                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     3.928325                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.293501                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    20.693028                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1194609     99.18%     99.18% |        8975      0.75%     99.93% |         292      0.02%     99.95% |         365      0.03%     99.98% |         158      0.01%    100.00% |          50      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1204457                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1064863                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1064863    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1064863                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       139594                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    26.266423                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     9.212067                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.948724                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      129746     92.95%     92.95% |        8975      6.43%     99.37% |         292      0.21%     99.58% |         365      0.26%     99.85% |         158      0.11%     99.96% |          50      0.04%     99.99% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       139594                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples     12580940                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    70.473292                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean    14.202154                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    92.274761                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |    12320457     97.93%     97.93% |      199574      1.59%     99.52% |       58989      0.47%     99.98% |        1481      0.01%    100.00% |         437      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total     12580940                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3504534                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3504534    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      3504534                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      9076406                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    97.297953                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    39.563541                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    96.016125                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     8815923     97.13%     97.13% |      199574      2.20%     99.33% |       58989      0.65%     99.98% |        1481      0.02%    100.00% |         437      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      9076406                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples     12580940                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    12580940    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total     12580940                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     12580940                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    12580940    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     12580940                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |     3702450     50.05%     50.05% |     3695580     49.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      7398030                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |     2047093     50.04%     50.04% |     2044185     49.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      4091278                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     3730961     50.05%     50.05% |     3723974     49.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      7454935                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     2047862     50.04%     50.04% |     2044951     49.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      4092813                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       28651     50.14%     50.14% |       28488     49.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        57139                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        1248     50.00%     50.00% |        1248     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2496                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |     1652252     50.06%     50.06% |     1648280     49.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      3300532                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |     3702450     50.05%     50.05% |     3695580     49.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      7398030                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |       28511     50.10%     50.10% |       28394     49.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        56905                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         769     50.10%     50.10% |         766     49.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         1535                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |       28511     50.10%     50.10% |       28394     49.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total        56905                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         769     50.10%     50.10% |         766     49.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         1535                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |     2046474     50.04%     50.04% |     2043609     49.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      4090083                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         140     59.83%     59.83% |          94     40.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          234                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         479     49.84%     49.84% |         482     50.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          961                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |     1652252     50.06%     50.06% |     1648280     49.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      3300532                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     3702450     50.05%     50.05% |     3695580     49.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      7398030                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |     2046474     50.04%     50.04% |     2043609     49.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      4090083                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |         140     59.83%     59.83% |          94     40.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total          234                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |         140     59.83%     59.83% |          94     40.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          234                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         479     49.84%     49.84% |         482     50.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          961                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         479     49.84%     49.84% |         482     50.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          961                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       57139    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        57139                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       57139    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          57139                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       57139    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        57139                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       57139    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        57139                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2496                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |     1103697      0.87%      0.87% |    37681683     29.55%     30.42% |    88003544     69.02%     99.44% |      720113      0.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total    127509037                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     6021555      1.17%      1.17% |   138668982     27.05%     28.22% |   363956576     70.99%     99.22% |     4007506      0.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    512654619                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |      855090      2.02%      2.02% |    16384795     38.80%     40.83% |    24408193     57.80%     98.63% |      578912      1.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total     42226990                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |       75668      7.96%      7.96% |      180795     19.03%     26.99% |      630166     66.31%     93.30% |       63670      6.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total       950299                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |      423323      0.85%      0.85% |    17048713     34.39%     35.24% |    31814180     64.17%     99.41% |      292724      0.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total     49578940                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |      203918      2.17%      2.17% |     2295815     24.41%     26.58% |     6756179     71.84%     98.43% |      148031      1.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total      9403943                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      249468      0.61%      0.61% |    14880314     36.45%     37.06% |    25520172     62.52%     99.58% |      170850      0.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total     40820804                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      166746      0.44%      0.44% |    13576264     36.19%     36.64% |    23647353     63.04%     99.67% |      122519      0.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     37512882                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      227725      3.46%      3.46% |     1861199     28.30%     31.76% |     4344492     66.05%     97.81% |      144146      2.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total      6577562                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       56550      0.92%      0.92% |     1737155     28.35%     29.27% |     4283108     69.90%     99.17% |       50748      0.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      6127561                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |       47982     15.42%     15.42% |       54878     17.63%     33.05% |      169389     54.43%     87.48% |       38971     12.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total       311220                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       89022      1.13%      1.13% |      988536     12.54%     13.67% |     6734176     85.41%     99.08% |       72591      0.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      7884325                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3727569     10.41%     10.41% |     5443362     15.20%     25.61% |    24112664     67.35%     92.96% |     2519389      7.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     35802984                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        2365     35.08%     35.08% |        1511     22.41%     57.49% |        1398     20.74%     78.23% |        1468     21.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         6742                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |       11546     14.47%     14.47% |       16132     20.22%     34.70% |       39975     50.12%     84.81% |       12113     15.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        79766                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |      190017      2.04%      2.04% |     2278139     24.45%     26.49% |     6714833     72.07%     98.56% |      134453      1.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total      9317442                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |      300820      0.52%      0.52% |    14012715     24.08%     24.59% |    43707982     75.10%     99.69% |      181864      0.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     58203381                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |     2066261      0.44%      0.44% |   131364421     27.93%     28.37% |   335499420     71.34%     99.71% |     1343971      0.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total    470274073                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       35062      1.78%      1.78% |     1208527     61.50%     63.29% |      683817     34.80%     98.09% |       37587      1.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      1964993                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        8509      1.69%      1.69% |      103304     20.51%     22.20% |      386223     76.68%     98.87% |        5673      1.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total       503709                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |      146963      0.46%      0.46% |    11829869     36.72%     37.17% |    20165595     62.59%     99.77% |       75372      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total     32217799                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      547109      2.29%      2.29% |     9104168     38.08%     40.37% |    13914033     58.20%     98.56% |      343139      1.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     23908449                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      761113      2.23%      2.23% |    13437602     39.37%     41.60% |    19439870     56.96%     98.57% |      489109      1.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     34127694                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        7631     13.72%     13.72% |        6481     11.66%     25.38% |       34579     62.19%     87.57% |        6913     12.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        55604                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |       86343      1.07%      1.07% |     2940705     36.56%     37.63% |     4933752     61.34%     98.97% |       82899      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total      8043699                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data |      162978     12.05%     12.05% |      263839     19.50%     31.55% |      808607     59.77%     91.32% |      117468      8.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data::total      1352892                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive |       64747      1.24%      1.24% |     1597360     30.57%     31.81% |     3535885     67.68%     99.49% |       26678      0.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive::total      5224670                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       40940      0.51%      0.51% |     2031976     25.24%     25.75% |     5947572     73.87%     99.62% |       30563      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      8051051                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      125806      0.43%      0.43% |    11544288     39.18%     39.61% |    17699781     60.08%     99.69% |       91956      0.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total     29461831                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |       56550      0.92%      0.92% |     1737155     28.35%     29.27% |     4283108     69.90%     99.17% |       50748      0.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total      6127561                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |        2365     35.08%     35.08% |        1511     22.41%     57.49% |        1398     20.74%     78.23% |        1468     21.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total         6742                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      394471      0.89%      0.89% |    15437463     35.01%     35.91% |    27991845     63.49%     99.40% |      266665      0.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     44090444                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |       58915      0.96%      0.96% |     1738666     28.34%     29.30% |     4284506     69.85%     99.15% |       52216      0.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      6134303                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |      233306      0.58%      0.58% |    14770574     36.69%     37.27% |    25099347     62.34%     99.61% |      158271      0.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total     40261498                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |        7631     13.72%     13.72% |        6481     11.66%     25.38% |       34579     62.19%     87.57% |        6913     12.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total        55604                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       53575     33.41%     33.41% |       32519     20.28%     53.68% |       28434     17.73%     71.41% |       45851     28.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       160379                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |       79766      4.73%      4.73% |      323982     19.19%     23.92% |     1225308     72.59%     96.50% |       59012      3.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      1688068                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |       71570     33.68%     33.68% |       37608     17.70%     51.37% |       35024     16.48%     67.85% |       68328     32.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total       212530                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      108780      0.73%      0.73% |     6124398     41.01%     41.73% |     8622167     57.73%     99.47% |       79886      0.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     14935231                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         796     25.96%     25.96% |         997     32.52%     58.48% |         472     15.39%     73.87% |         801     26.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         3066                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |       11186     28.73%     28.73% |        9576     24.59%     53.32% |       12249     31.46%     84.78% |        5928     15.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        38939                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |         536     34.45%     34.45% |         387     24.87%     59.32% |         221     14.20%     73.52% |         412     26.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         1556                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       79758      0.73%      0.73% |     4719666     43.34%     44.08% |     6039096     55.46%     99.54% |       50575      0.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total     10889095                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |       16070     41.27%     41.27% |        5359     13.76%     55.03% |        6498     16.69%     71.72% |       11011     28.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        38938                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       63302      1.53%      1.53% |     1422652     34.34%     35.87% |     2596643     62.68%     98.54% |       60329      1.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      4142926                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |       68037      7.60%      7.60% |      174314     19.48%     27.09% |      595587     66.57%     93.66% |       56757      6.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total       894695                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        6873     47.99%     47.99% |        2895     20.22%     68.21% |        2349     16.40%     84.61% |        2204     15.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        14321                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        3526     36.06%     36.06% |        2163     22.12%     58.19% |        2015     20.61%     78.80% |        2073     21.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         9777                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       71294      0.49%      0.49% |     6063176     41.51%     42.00% |     8420751     57.65%     99.65% |       51604      0.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total     14606825                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      135082      1.20%      1.20% |     4786906     42.49%     43.69% |     6243173     55.41%     99.10% |      101279      0.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     11266440                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       24584      0.65%      0.65% |     1361158     35.76%     36.41% |     2399285     63.04%     99.45% |       21048      0.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      3806075                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |        3524     13.45%     13.45% |        9698     37.02%     50.47% |        8828     33.70%     84.17% |        4147     15.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total        26197                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      141940      1.58%      1.58% |     2222788     24.68%     26.26% |     6545221     72.68%     98.94% |       95167      1.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      9005116                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        2515     33.08%     33.08% |        1732     22.78%     55.87% |        1757     23.11%     78.98% |        1598     21.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         7602                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |       36416     11.27%     11.27% |       59795     18.51%     29.78% |      199943     61.90%     91.68% |       26875      8.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       323029                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |       23112     34.01%     34.01% |       11214     16.50%     50.51% |        9421     13.86%     64.38% |       24209     35.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        67956                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |        6654     30.97%     30.97% |        5787     26.94%     57.91% |        6881     32.03%     89.95% |        2160     10.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total        21482                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |         475     76.74%     76.74% |          44      7.11%     83.84% |          37      5.98%     89.82% |          63     10.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total          619                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |       26201     32.92%     32.92% |       13464     16.91%     49.83% |       13467     16.92%     66.75% |       26468     33.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total        79600                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |       37486     11.41%     11.41% |       61222     18.64%     30.06% |      201416     61.33%     91.39% |       28282      8.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total       328406                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |       74326      0.71%      0.71% |     4634850     44.14%     44.85% |     5744293     54.71%     99.56% |       46382      0.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total     10499851                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |         684      0.18%      0.18% |       81511     21.85%     22.03% |      290019     77.75%     99.78% |         813      0.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       373027                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |        4730     29.17%     29.17% |        3334     20.56%     49.73% |        4768     29.40%     79.14% |        3383     20.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        16215                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv    |        1921     35.61%     35.61% |         570     10.57%     46.17% |         920     17.05%     63.23% |        1984     36.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv::total         5395                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |         581      0.16%      0.16% |       80866     21.73%     21.89% |      289940     77.91%     99.80% |         742      0.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total       372129                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           2     13.33%     13.33% |           7     46.67%     60.00% |           4     26.67%     86.67% |           2     13.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total           15                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |        2599     27.88%     27.88% |        2454     26.32%     54.21% |        3533     37.90%     92.10% |         736      7.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total         9322                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |      158980      0.53%      0.53% |    10135723     34.06%     34.59% |    19355054     65.03%     99.62% |      111889      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total     29761646                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |        2783      1.88%      1.88% |       20685     13.98%     15.86% |      122692     82.91%     98.77% |        1818      1.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       147978                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |        7943     35.95%     35.95% |        4256     19.26%     55.21% |        3323     15.04%     70.25% |        6572     29.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        22094                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      110795      0.47%      0.47% |     8421982     35.39%     35.86% |    15196570     63.86%     99.71% |       68059      0.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     23797406                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |       31341      1.35%      1.35% |      375732     16.20%     17.55% |     1883427     81.18%     98.73% |       29507      1.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total      2320007                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |       21929     44.58%     44.58% |        8787     17.86%     62.45% |        5219     10.61%     73.06% |       13252     26.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total        49187                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       70713      0.50%      0.50% |     5982310     42.03%     42.52% |     8130811     57.12%     99.64% |       50862      0.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total     14234696                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         794     26.02%     26.02% |         990     32.45%     58.47% |         468     15.34%     73.81% |         799     26.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         3051                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        8586     28.99%     28.99% |        7121     24.05%     53.04% |        8716     29.43%     82.47% |        5192     17.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        29615                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       79758      0.73%      0.73% |     4719666     43.34%     44.08% |     6039096     55.46%     99.54% |       50575      0.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total     10889095                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |       16070     41.27%     41.27% |        5359     13.76%     55.03% |        6498     16.69%     71.72% |       11011     28.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        38938                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       39254     11.60%     11.60% |       61881     18.29%     29.89% |      197579     58.39%     88.27% |       39693     11.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       338407                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |         536     34.45%     34.45% |         387     24.87%     59.32% |         221     14.20%     73.52% |         412     26.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         1556                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       24048      0.63%      0.63% |     1360771     35.77%     36.40% |     2399064     63.06%     99.46% |       20636      0.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      3804519                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        6873     47.99%     47.99% |        2895     20.22%     68.21% |        2349     16.40%     84.61% |        2204     15.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        14321                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        3526     36.06%     36.06% |        2163     22.12%     58.19% |        2015     20.61%     78.80% |        2073     21.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total         9777                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       71293      0.49%      0.49% |     6063176     41.51%     42.00% |     8420751     57.65%     99.65% |       51604      0.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total     14606824                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       36416     11.27%     11.27% |       59795     18.51%     29.78% |      199943     61.90%     91.68% |       26875      8.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       323029                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |       23112     34.01%     34.01% |       11214     16.50%     50.51% |        9421     13.86%     64.38% |       24209     35.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        67956                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |       59528     15.23%     15.23% |       71009     18.16%     33.39% |      209364     53.55%     86.93% |       51084     13.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total       390985                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |         311     13.06%     13.06% |         948     39.82%     52.88% |         390     16.38%     69.26% |         732     30.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total         2381                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |         684      0.18%      0.18% |       81511     21.85%     22.03% |      290019     77.75%     99.78% |         813      0.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       373027                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        4730     29.17%     29.17% |        3334     20.56%     49.73% |        4768     29.40%     79.14% |        3383     20.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        16215                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |        5103      1.32%      1.32% |       83897     21.69%     23.01% |      294397     76.10%     99.10% |        3464      0.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total       386861                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.WriteBack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.WriteBack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |        7320     13.75%     13.75% |        5533     10.40%     24.15% |       34189     64.24%     88.39% |        6181     11.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total        53223                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        2783      1.88%      1.88% |       20685     13.98%     15.86% |      122692     82.91%     98.77% |        1818      1.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       147978                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        7943     35.95%     35.95% |        4256     19.26%     55.21% |        3323     15.04%     70.25% |        6572     29.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        22094                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |        3406      2.91%      2.91% |       19407     16.61%     19.52% |       91826     78.59%     98.11% |        2209      1.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total       116848                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.Fwd_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.L0_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.L0_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS       11266494      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        3806078      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE         8221      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX       14606826      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      4063066      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean      3327549      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       7398030      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        7391810      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          36445      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean        51680      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              61136      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all          34179      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          38938      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock     14703391      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv           2390      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      4256905      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      3141125      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       338379      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         1556      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE         8221      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement         1339      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean        27445      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      6632204      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       660328      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement      4058569      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean      3248780      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv         1095      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        38938      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         3066      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX     14606824      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         3158      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        51324      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv          100      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      7391810      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv         1095      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data         2506      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean          315      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all          437      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv          100      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data        27017      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean        19349      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all         4958      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          59611      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all        27445      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack           1525      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all         1339      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS           14      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data      4256891      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data           14      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data      3141125      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           29      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock         9777      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS           18      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock     14693614      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         6905      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean        31931      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock          102      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data           17      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean           85      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        38836      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
