
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.593253                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3593252840000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               54831796497501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 128764                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   219290                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              228973450                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1869456                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15692.88                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2020684355                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3441297647                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       583360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            583360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0        98112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          98112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0         9115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               9115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0         1533                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1533                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       162349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total               162349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0        27305                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total               27305                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0       189653                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total              189653                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                       9115                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      1533                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                     9115                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    1533                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                583296                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                     64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                  96192                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                 583360                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys               98112                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0              817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1              639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2              466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3              514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4              529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5              631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6              501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7              776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8              425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9              643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10             554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11             444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12             557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13             469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14             509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15             640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2              225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3               64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6               64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7               35                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8               96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10              97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11             128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13              96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14              19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15             158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 3593252645000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                 9115                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                1533                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                   9078                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                     36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                    96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples         2794                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   243.287044                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   134.803803                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   314.815441                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1490     53.33%     53.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255          605     21.65%     74.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          174      6.23%     81.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511           72      2.58%     83.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639           46      1.65%     85.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767           41      1.47%     86.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           33      1.18%     88.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           31      1.11%     89.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          302     10.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total         2794                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples           81                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean    206.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1062.307300                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-511           76     93.83%     93.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            1      1.23%     95.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            1      1.23%     96.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047            1      1.23%     97.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      1.23%     98.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      1.23%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total           81                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples           81                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.555556                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.536468                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.836660                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16               4      4.94%      4.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18              27     33.33%     38.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              49     60.49%     98.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      1.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total           81                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                    71195500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              242083000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                  45570000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     7811.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               26561.66                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     27.30                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                    6444                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   1382                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                70.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               90.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                 337457986.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   73.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                18695880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                10201125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy               65449800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy               4224960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        234913018080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         80398358640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        2087440696500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2402850644985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           668.087761                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3470926887250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 119986620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2346078750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                21727440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                11855250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy               65691600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy               5514480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        234913018080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         80839790010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        2087053476000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2402911072860                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           668.104562                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3470683466750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 119986620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2582109000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       550208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            550208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1        96000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total          96000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1         8597                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               8597                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1         1500                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              1500                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       153123                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total               153123                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1        26717                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total               26717                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1       179839                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total              179839                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                       8597                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      1500                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                     8597                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    1500                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                550144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                     64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                  94976                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                 550208                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys               96000                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0              745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1              612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2              415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3              505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4              516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5              619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6              473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7              774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8              411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9              632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10             502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11             403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12             508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13             416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14             480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15             585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3               64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6               64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8               96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10              97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11             128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13              96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14              10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15             160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 3593252941000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                 8597                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                1500                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                   8561                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                     35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples         2496                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   258.461538                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   140.277044                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   328.094016                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1326     53.12%     53.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255          484     19.39%     72.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          168      6.73%     79.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511           70      2.80%     82.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639           46      1.84%     83.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767           38      1.52%     85.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           36      1.44%     86.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           21      0.84%     87.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          307     12.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total         2496                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples           80                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean    202.937500                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1073.784899                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-511           76     95.00%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            1      1.25%     96.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583            1      1.25%     97.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            1      1.25%     98.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      1.25%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total           80                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples           80                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.550000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.513608                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.178929                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16               6      7.50%      7.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      1.25%      8.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18              29     36.25%     45.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              39     48.75%     93.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      1.25%     95.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      1.25%     96.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               2      2.50%     98.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      1.25%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total           80                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                    63006000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              224181000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                  42980000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     7329.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               26079.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     17.82                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                    6217                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   1368                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                72.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               91.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                 355873322.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   75.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                17569440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                 9586500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy               63468600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy               4147200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        234913018080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         80483903955                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        2087365648500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2402857342275                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           668.089625                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3470847694000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 119986620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2423728000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                20268360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                11059125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy               63445200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy               5469120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        234913018080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         80743187835                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        2087138206500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2402894654220                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           668.100000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3470779430500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 119986620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2485782500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      7186942882                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   19512540                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     34590506                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             29191510                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses               8399337                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     612033                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      2054922                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    29191510                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                      8399337                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           56350312                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          22223232                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            14064330                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes            7474281                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            14153667                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           10439754                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      7741605                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    5749461                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   1992144                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              7114766411.303797                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              72176470.696203                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.010043                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.989957                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          2822707                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               120490      0.35%      0.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 22858707     66.08%     66.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  213660      0.62%     67.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    37880      0.11%     67.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                3618219     10.46%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 5749461     16.62%     94.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                1992144      5.76%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  34590561                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      7187237842                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                 1994015978                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   3391959953                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           2756621705                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses            1010088517                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   49907261                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts    199772947                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  2756621705                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                   1010088517                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         5216403837                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        2051834484                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads          1701898740                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          899765659                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads          1288191133                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes         1039075000                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    738020862                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  571675999                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                 166344863                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              63719665.105254                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              7123518176.894746                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.991134                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.008866                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        261084323                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1505647      0.04%      0.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu               2188564251     64.52%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                24039726      0.71%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   210255      0.01%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              439619365     12.96%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               571675999     16.85%     95.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite              166344863      4.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                3391960106                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      7182155355                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    2570975                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      5543889                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              5421768                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     152333                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       391519                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     5421768                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           11011668                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           4500453                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             3129395                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1647694                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1318607                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     821717                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    496890                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              7171375463.524609                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              10779891.475391                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.001501                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.998499                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           593140                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               103941      1.87%      1.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  4073497     73.48%     75.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   11295      0.20%     75.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    36555      0.66%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  821717     14.82%     91.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 496890      8.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   5543895                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      7189271718                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    3212410                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      6672054                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              6543710                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1952                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     171673                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       489320                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     6543710                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         1952                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           13283979                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           5395848                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                3276                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               1552                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             3732466                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            2052259                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1575346                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     978043                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    597303                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              7175457384.002894                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              13814333.997106                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.001922                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.998078                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           718731                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               101434      1.52%      1.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  4943204     74.09%     75.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   14951      0.22%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    35751      0.54%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   1456      0.02%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  978043     14.66%     91.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 597303      8.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   6672142                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  111                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 111                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3722                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3722                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                16                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               16                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1824                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    7698                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           66                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3738                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3644                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3679                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3636                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3650                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           87                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3773                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    14868                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               160500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                19497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              113000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             2287994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             2187981                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             2274498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             2280498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               10996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1451000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1389500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1377500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1556000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           45                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       184320                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           45                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   3588661472                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000251                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3588661246    100.00%    100.00% |         226      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   3588661472                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     3588661472                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.011542                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.002550                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         0.450933                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  3588660176    100.00%    100.00% |        1062      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |         131      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       3588661472                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3588551810                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.010149                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.002437                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.318410                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |  3584909854     99.90%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |     3641956      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3588551810                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       109662                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.593296                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    41.043970                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    35.479882                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |      108366     98.82%     98.82% |        1062      0.97%     99.79% |          26      0.02%     99.81% |          45      0.04%     99.85% |         131      0.12%     99.97% |          32      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       109662                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr           11                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      7691390                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        51263                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      7742653                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits     27186171                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        58542                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses     27244713                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        82042                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        27763                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       109805                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits    735697980                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      2326372                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    738024352                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits   2803890928                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses      1181927                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses   2805072855                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits      3480331                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        27968                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses      3508299                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             5                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1290908                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        26996                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1317904                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      3388318                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        28488                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3416806                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        33870                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        21614                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        55484                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1538125                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38745                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1576870                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      4226034                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        39285                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4265319                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        45713                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        32317                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        78030                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.002702                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        27763                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        58146                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       112942                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           35                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           35                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           27                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        84865                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        27763                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       222104                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4186512                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       903536                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          280                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          280                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       678920                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       222104                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.002497                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        27968                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        49859                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       127834                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        84662                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        27968                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       223744                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3589848                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1022672                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         3456                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          448                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          448                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       677296                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       223744                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.002293                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21614                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::4        46049                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::4       110488                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        91012                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        21614                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       172912                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3315528                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       883904                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       728096                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       172912                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.002484                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        32317                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        48374                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::4       133757                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        80310                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        32317                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       258536                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3482928                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1070056                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       642480                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       258536                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.000982                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        61907                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::3            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1           51                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::4         9522                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::4         5511                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           42                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1491                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           71                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           71                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           29                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        63389                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        61907                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       495256                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         3672                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       685584                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        44088                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         3024                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        11928                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          568                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          568                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          232                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       507112                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       495256                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.000817                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::2        47755                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1           43                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::4         9006                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Control::4         5482                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1483                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        49236                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        47755                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       382040                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         3096                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       648432                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        43856                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         1224                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        11864                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          104                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       393888                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       382040                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.000023                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2974                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        23792                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized     0.001574                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Request_Control::2       109662                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Request_Control::3           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::1           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::4       110478                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Control::4       248007                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           59                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2974                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          101                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          101                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           42                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       340849                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       109662                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       877296                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      7954416                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1984056                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         4248                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        23792                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          808                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          808                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          336                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2726792                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       877296                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       329019                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data       331716                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control       744021                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data          177                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control        18294                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Broadcast_Control       794323                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control       328986                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      2632152                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data     23883552                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control      5952168                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data        12744                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control       146352                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Broadcast_Control      6354584                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control      2631888                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002735                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        27752                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        58465                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           35                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        84865                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1998144                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       467720                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          280                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       678920                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002669                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        27763                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        30394                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        54477                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           35                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           27                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        27763                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       222104                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2188368                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       435816                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          280                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       222104                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002793                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        27963                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        65068                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        84662                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2013336                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       520544                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          448                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       677296                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002200                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        27968                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        21896                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        62766                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        27968                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       223744                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1576512                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       502128                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         3456                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          448                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       223744                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002292                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        21611                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        43912                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        91012                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1555992                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       351296                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       728096                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002294                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21614                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        24438                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        66576                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        21614                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       172912                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1759536                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       532608                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       172912                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003062                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        32249                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        69569                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        80310                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2321928                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       556552                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       642480                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001906                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        32317                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        16125                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        64188                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        32317                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       258536                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1161000                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       513504                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       258536                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000942                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        61907                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          453                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         5511                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           42                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1491                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           71                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           29                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        61907                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       495256                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        32616                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        44088                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         3024                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        11928                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          568                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          232                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       495256                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001023                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           51                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         9069                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           71                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        63389                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         3672                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       652968                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          568                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       507112                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000743                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        47755                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          450                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         5482                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1483                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        47755                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       382040                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        32400                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        43856                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         1224                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        11864                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          104                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       382040                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000891                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           43                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         8556                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        49236                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         3096                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       616032                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       393888                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000026                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000021                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2974                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        23792                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002735                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        27752                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        58465                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           35                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        84865                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1998144                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       467720                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          280                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       678920                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002793                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        27963                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        65068                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        84662                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2013336                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       520544                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          448                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       677296                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.link_utilization     0.002292                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4        21611                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::4        43912                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        91012                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1555992                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       351296                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       728096                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.link_utilization     0.003062                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        32249                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::4        69569                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        80310                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2321928                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       556552                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       642480                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.link_utilization     0.000942                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        61907                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::4          453                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::4         5511                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           42                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1491                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           71                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           29                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        61907                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       495256                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        32616                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        44088                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         3024                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        11928                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          568                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          232                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       495256                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.link_utilization     0.000743                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2        47755                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::4          450                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::4         5482                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1483                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        47755                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       382040                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        32400                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        43856                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         1224                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        11864                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          104                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       382040                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.link_utilization     0.000026                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    573295227                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.029719                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.006489                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      0.711519                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   573294490    100.00%    100.00% |         660      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     573295227                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    573227725                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.025212                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.006064                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.501480                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |   571782515     99.75%     99.75% |           0      0.00%     99.75% |           0      0.00%     99.75% |           0      0.00%     99.75% |           0      0.00%     99.75% |     1445210      0.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    573227725                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        67502                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    39.307265                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.282594                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    26.433669                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |       66765     98.91%     98.91% |         660      0.98%     99.89% |          16      0.02%     99.91% |          22      0.03%     99.94% |          31      0.05%     99.99% |           8      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        67502                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    169296610                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.061523                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.013169                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.221401                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   169296312    100.00%    100.00% |         169      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |          86      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     169296610                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    169274028                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.052287                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.012617                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.721204                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |   168388946     99.48%     99.48% |           0      0.00%     99.48% |           0      0.00%     99.48% |           0      0.00%     99.48% |           0      0.00%     99.48% |      885082      0.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    169274028                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        22582                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    70.293552                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    60.239800                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    49.915976                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |       22284     98.68%     98.68% |         169      0.75%     99.43% |           7      0.03%     99.46% |          17      0.08%     99.54% |          86      0.38%     99.92% |          19      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        22582                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   2839999693                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.004734                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001110                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.243556                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  2839999449    100.00%    100.00% |         220      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   2839999693                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2839990666                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.004575                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001098                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.213837                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |  2838691451     99.95%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |     1299215      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2839990666                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         9027                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    51.073446                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    43.194909                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    42.070620                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        8783     97.30%     97.30% |         220      2.44%     99.73% |           0      0.00%     99.73% |           6      0.07%     99.80% |          14      0.16%     99.96% |           4      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         9027                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      5808308                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.055976                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.008414                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.278692                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     5808243    100.00%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      5808308                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5802877                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.020762                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.004991                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.455181                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |     5790829     99.79%     99.79% |           0      0.00%     99.79% |           0      0.00%     99.79% |           0      0.00%     99.79% |           0      0.00%     99.79% |       12048      0.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      5802877                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5431                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    38.681090                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    38.139940                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    10.503088                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        5366     98.80%     98.80% |          61      1.12%     99.93% |           2      0.04%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           2      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         5431                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       130817                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.502855                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.161429                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     7.778356                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      130804     99.99%     99.99% |          11      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       130817                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       125697                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.031902                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.007679                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.563920                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |      125296     99.68%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |         401      0.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       125697                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5120                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    38.615039                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    37.932531                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    13.448652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        5107     99.75%     99.75% |          11      0.21%     99.96% |           1      0.02%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         5120                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       130817                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      130817    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       130817                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       130817                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      130817    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       130817                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3584909773                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3584909773    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   3584909773                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        92037                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.256114                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.198704                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.055493                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       91939     99.89%     99.89% |          52      0.06%     99.95% |          43      0.05%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        92037                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples        92026                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.008802                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.002113                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.296550                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |       91945     99.91%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |          81      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total        92026                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples        92026                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.000663                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.000503                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.062455                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       92013     99.99%     99.99% |           6      0.01%     99.99% |           2      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total        92026                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples        92026                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000196                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000184                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.024668                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       92024    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total        92026                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples        92026                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean     1.244116                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev     2.009537                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |       47135     51.22%     51.22% |       27374     29.75%     80.97% |        4489      4.88%     85.84% |           5      0.01%     85.85% |           5      0.01%     85.85% |           4      0.00%     85.86% |       13014     14.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total        92026                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3642037                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999778                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999413                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.047159                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          81      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3641956    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      3642037                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        17625                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   111.017532                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   106.423068                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    53.526346                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       16329     92.65%     92.65% |        1062      6.03%     98.67% |          26      0.15%     98.82% |          45      0.26%     99.08% |         131      0.74%     99.82% |          32      0.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        17625                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples        17625                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       17625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total        17625                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples        17625                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.004369                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.003854                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.099552                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       17594     99.82%     99.82% |          29      0.16%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total        17625                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples        17625                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000681                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000642                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.045191                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       17625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total        17625                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples        17625                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean    78.012482                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::gmean    72.570861                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev    53.527022                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |       12553     71.22%     71.22% |        4818     27.34%     98.56% |          13      0.07%     98.63% |          11      0.06%     98.70% |          15      0.09%     98.78% |          16      0.09%     98.87% |          14      0.08%     98.95% |          51      0.29%     99.24% |          65      0.37%     99.61% |          69      0.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total        17625                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    571782511                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   571782511    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    571782511                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        63005                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.376272                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.371948                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.558647                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       62994     99.98%     99.98% |           1      0.00%     99.98% |           7      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        63005                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1445214                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999972                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999927                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.016637                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           4      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1445210    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1445214                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         4497                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   122.403158                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   117.088047                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.558756                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        3760     83.61%     83.61% |         660     14.68%     98.29% |          16      0.36%     98.64% |          22      0.49%     99.13% |          31      0.69%     99.82% |           8      0.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         4497                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    168388893                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   168388893    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    168388893                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        11538                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.634945                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.535511                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.697554                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       11480     99.50%     99.50% |          27      0.23%     99.73% |          31      0.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        11538                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       885135                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999401                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.998421                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.077379                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          53      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |      885082     99.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       885135                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        11044                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   105.457715                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   101.570090                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    51.642797                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       10746     97.30%     97.30% |         169      1.53%     98.83% |           7      0.06%     98.90% |          17      0.15%     99.05% |          86      0.78%     99.83% |          19      0.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        11044                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2838691451                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2838691451    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   2838691451                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         7072                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.331024                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.327563                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.482778                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        7066     99.92%     99.92% |           6      0.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         7072                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1299215                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1299215    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1299215                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1955                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   115.254731                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   110.371191                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    53.983939                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        1711     87.52%     87.52% |         220     11.25%     98.77% |           0      0.00%     98.77% |           6      0.31%     99.08% |          14      0.72%     99.80% |           4      0.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1955                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5790829                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5790829    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      5790829                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5365                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    37.674371                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    37.623354                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.934716                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        5362     99.94%     99.94% |           2      0.04%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5365                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        12048                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       12048    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        12048                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           66                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   120.515152                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   115.559890                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    44.979394                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           1      1.52%      1.52% |          61     92.42%     93.94% |           2      3.03%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           2      3.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           66                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       125296                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      125296    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       125296                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5057                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    37.457781                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    37.379136                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.389704                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        5031     99.49%     99.49% |          22      0.44%     99.92% |           4      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5057                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          401                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         401    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          401                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           63                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   131.507937                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   123.406878                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    74.765844                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          50     79.37%     79.37% |          11     17.46%     96.83% |           1      1.59%     98.41% |           0      0.00%     98.41% |           0      0.00%     98.41% |           1      1.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           63                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       130793                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      130793    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       130793                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           24                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |       18472     55.74%     55.74% |       14667     44.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total        33139                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |       43439     56.76%     56.76% |       33090     43.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total        76529                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT     |          71     70.30%     70.30% |          30     29.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT::total          101                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS |       27518     56.50%     56.50% |       21184     43.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS::total        48702                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM |       34389     56.41%     56.41% |       26571     43.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM::total        60960                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean |          17     58.62%     58.62% |          12     41.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean::total           29                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |          12     92.31%     92.31% |           1      7.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total           13                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |          42     71.19%     71.19% |          17     28.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total           59                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          51     54.26%     54.26% |          43     45.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           94                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        1440     50.00%     50.00% |        1440     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2880                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |        9115     51.46%     51.46% |        8597     48.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total        17712                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |        1533     50.54%     50.54% |        1500     49.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total         3033                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack     |        5511     50.13%     50.13% |        5482     49.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack::total        10993                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |           8     61.54%     61.54% |           5     38.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total           13                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data |         445     50.00%     50.00% |         445     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total          890                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |        1491     50.13%     50.13% |        1483     49.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total         2974                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks |           9     81.82%     81.82% |           2     18.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks::total           11                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX |       10495     59.98%     59.98% |        7003     40.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX::total        17498                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS |       14488     55.29%     55.29% |       11717     44.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS::total        26205                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT  |          17     58.62%     58.62% |          12     41.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT::total           29                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.DMA_WRITE |           8     61.54%     61.54% |           5     38.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.DMA_WRITE::total           13                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX |        2358     52.85%     52.85% |        2104     47.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX::total         4462                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS |       25488     58.11%     58.11% |       18373     41.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS::total        43861                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT  |          54     75.00%     75.00% |          18     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT::total           72                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ |           5     71.43%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_WRITE |         440     49.83%     49.83% |         443     50.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_WRITE::total          883                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS  |          24     58.54%     58.54% |          17     41.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS::total           41                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX  |        5615     50.26%     50.26% |        5558     49.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX::total        11173                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS  |        3430     53.50%     53.50% |        2981     46.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS::total         6411                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ |          46     52.87%     52.87% |          41     47.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ::total           87                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE |         992     50.00%     50.00% |         992     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE::total         1984                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX |           4     66.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS |           9     81.82%     81.82% |           2     18.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS::total           11                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS |       27481     56.49%     56.49% |       21163     43.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS::total        48644                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM |       34380     56.41%     56.41% |       26569     43.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM::total        60949                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS |           4     66.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM |           9     81.82%     81.82% |           2     18.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM::total           11                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS |           9     81.82%     81.82% |           2     18.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS::total           11                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks |           9     81.82%     81.82% |           2     18.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks::total           11                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS |          24     58.54%     58.54% |          17     41.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS::total           41                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data |        9045     51.44%     51.44% |        8539     48.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data::total        17584                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data |          24     58.54%     58.54% |          17     41.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data::total           41                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack |        5312     50.00%     50.00% |        5312     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack::total        10624                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Data |           8     61.54%     61.54% |           5     38.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Data::total           13                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Exclusive_Data |         440     49.83%     49.83% |         443     50.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Exclusive_Data::total          883                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |        1440     50.00%     50.00% |        1440     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total         2880                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data |          46     52.87%     52.87% |          41     47.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data::total           87                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack |         184     53.49%     53.49% |         160     46.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack::total          344                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack |          15     71.43%     71.43% |           6     28.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack::total           21                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data |           5     71.43%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |           5     71.43%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |          46     52.87%     52.87% |          41     47.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total           87                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack |        1440     50.00%     50.00% |        1440     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack::total         2880                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean |          17     58.62%     58.62% |          12     41.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean::total           29                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |          12     92.31%     92.31% |           1      7.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total           13                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |          42     71.19%     71.19% |          17     28.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total           59                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack |          93     60.78%     60.78% |          60     39.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack::total          153                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2880                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5624876      0.98%      0.98% |   565992676     98.73%     99.71% |      762630      0.13%     99.84% |      915045      0.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    573295227                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    27244713      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072219656192    100.00%    100.00% |     3416806      0.00%    100.00% |     4265319      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072254582784                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     2117777      1.21%      1.21% |   172031676     98.10%     99.31% |      555274      0.32%     99.62% |      661825      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total    175366552                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |          37     27.41%     27.41% |          85     62.96%     90.37% |           5      3.70%     94.07% |           8      5.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total          135                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2  |       91952      2.49%      2.49% |     3502244     94.70%     97.18% |       41220      1.11%     98.30% |       62988      1.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2::total      3698404                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |       25156      1.07%      1.07% |     2301802     98.25%     99.32% |        6008      0.26%     99.58% |        9856      0.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      2342822                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       56912      4.38%      4.38% |     1178545     90.71%     95.09% |       27869      2.15%     97.24% |       35889      2.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total      1299215                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       82068      2.25%      2.25% |     3480347     95.56%     97.81% |       33877      0.93%     98.74% |       45745      1.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      3642037                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX |       26777     24.14%     24.14% |       23414     21.11%     45.25% |       32139     28.98%     74.23% |       28589     25.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX::total       110919                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS |       58088     25.26%     25.26% |       61248     26.64%     51.90% |       58873     25.60%     77.51% |       51721     22.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS::total       229930                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS |           6     54.55%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           2     18.18%     72.73% |           3     27.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       47925     23.78%     23.78% |       53857     26.72%     50.49% |       41257     20.47%     70.96% |       58531     29.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total       201570                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack |       10540     29.74%     29.74% |       11211     31.63%     61.37% |        2655      7.49%     68.86% |       11038     31.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack::total        35444                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        7913     45.34%     45.34% |        2737     15.68%     61.02% |        3313     18.98%     80.01% |        3489     19.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        17452                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data |       11569     23.77%     23.77% |        8217     16.89%     40.66% |       10786     22.17%     62.83% |       18089     37.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data::total        48661                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |        8270     19.03%     19.03% |       17009     39.14%     58.16% |        7512     17.28%     75.45% |       10671     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total        43462                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |          35     34.65%     34.65% |          56     55.45%     90.10% |           4      3.96%     94.06% |           6      5.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total          101                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       11569     23.75%     23.75% |        8242     16.92%     40.68% |       10787     22.15%     62.83% |       18104     37.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total        48702                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers |       16194     26.56%     26.56% |       19726     32.36%     58.92% |       10827     17.76%     76.68% |       14213     23.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers::total        60960                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       16897     25.03%     25.03% |       11987     17.76%     42.79% |       17121     25.36%     68.15% |       21497     31.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        67502                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1630     18.06%     18.06% |        3382     37.47%     55.52% |         619      6.86%     62.38% |        3396     37.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         9027                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        4689     20.31%     20.31% |       10758     46.60%     66.92% |        2121      9.19%     76.10% |        5516     23.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total        23084                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX |       15153     23.65%     23.65% |       17243     26.91%     50.56% |       17442     27.22%     77.78% |       14240     22.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX::total        64078                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS |       28490     22.90%     22.90% |       43100     34.64%     57.54% |       24586     19.76%     77.30% |       28237     22.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS::total       124413                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      340764      0.22%      0.22% |   154993208     99.58%     99.80% |      137488      0.09%     99.89% |      177383      0.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total    155648843                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3440069      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072173268992    100.00%    100.00% |     2915440      0.00%    100.00% |     2970597      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total 18446744072182595584                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        4513     45.57%     45.57% |        1823     18.41%     63.97% |        1744     17.61%     81.58% |        1824     18.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         9904                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement |           2      5.88%      5.88% |          29     85.29%     91.18% |           1      2.94%     94.12% |           2      5.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement::total           34                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2 |       33755      1.50%      1.50% |     2153401     95.79%     97.29% |       28371      1.26%     98.55% |       32627      1.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2::total      2248154                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        3263      0.33%      0.33% |      973134     99.08%     99.41% |        2539      0.26%     99.67% |        3271      0.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       982207                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       25961      2.09%      2.09% |     1174188     94.50%     96.59% |       22055      1.78%     98.37% |       20269      1.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total      1242473                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX |        5810     24.14%     24.14% |         255      1.06%     25.20% |        7980     33.15%     58.35% |       10027     41.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX::total        24072                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS |        5024     14.17%     14.17% |        2168      6.12%     20.29% |       16568     46.74%     67.04% |       11684     32.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS::total        35444                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |       84074     64.95%     64.95% |         402      0.31%     65.26% |       20961     16.19%     81.46% |       24004     18.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total       129441                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch  |     2146000     56.52%     56.52% |          35      0.00%     56.52% |      470372     12.39%     68.91% |     1180535     31.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch::total      3796942                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |           8     12.50%     12.50% |           2      3.12%     15.62% |           2      3.12%     18.75% |          52     81.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement |          26     89.66%     89.66% |           0      0.00%     89.66% |           2      6.90%     96.55% |           1      3.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement::total           29                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2 |       18242     42.39%     42.39% |         807      1.88%     44.26% |        7214     16.76%     61.03% |       16772     38.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2::total        43035                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        1576     30.47%     30.47% |         687     13.28%     43.75% |        1422     27.49%     71.25% |        1487     28.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total         5172                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       16094     43.86%     43.86% |           0      0.00%     43.86% |        5814     15.84%     59.71% |       14785     40.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        36693                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX |        3563     20.45%     20.45% |        4629     26.57%     47.02% |        6010     34.49%     81.51% |        3222     18.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX::total        17424                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS |        8772     33.47%     33.47% |        7311     27.90%     61.37% |        6903     26.34%     87.72% |        3219     12.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS::total        26205                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1516056      2.81%      2.81% |    52249311     96.91%     99.72% |       73326      0.14%     99.86% |       77696      0.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     53916389                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |    21599653     32.30%     32.30% |    45204299     67.59%     99.89% |        2238      0.00%     99.89% |       71761      0.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total     66877951                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |         813     22.87%     22.87% |        1218     34.26%     57.13% |         343      9.65%     66.78% |        1181     33.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total         3555                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |           2     14.29%     14.29% |           8     57.14%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           3     21.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2 |       25378     18.85%     18.85% |      104328     77.50%     96.35% |        1507      1.12%     97.47% |        3412      2.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2::total       134625                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        8800      8.24%      8.24% |       96775     90.57%     98.80% |         225      0.21%     99.02% |        1052      0.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       106852                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       14857     74.10%     74.10% |        4357     21.73%     95.84% |           0      0.00%     95.84% |         835      4.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        20049                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX |         188     29.89%     29.89% |         210     33.39%     63.28% |         206     32.75%     96.03% |          25      3.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX::total          629                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS |        6817     30.37%     30.37% |        4690     20.90%     51.27% |        6929     30.87%     82.14% |        4009     17.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS::total        22445                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |     3650040      1.01%      1.01% |   357321636     98.68%     99.69% |      508891      0.14%     99.83% |      606929      0.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total    362087496                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |     2099420      1.20%      1.20% |   171131716     98.11%     99.31% |      549760      0.32%     99.63% |      650577      0.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total    174431473                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement |           7     12.07%     12.07% |          48     82.76%     94.83% |           1      1.72%     96.55% |           2      3.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement::total           58                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2 |       14577      1.15%      1.15% |     1243708     97.73%     98.88% |        4128      0.32%     99.20% |       10177      0.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2::total      1272590                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |       11517      0.92%      0.92% |     1231206     98.61%     99.53% |        1822      0.15%     99.68% |        4046      0.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      1248591                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX |        2063     43.74%     43.74% |        1077     22.84%     66.58% |         501     10.62%     77.21% |        1075     22.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX::total         4716                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS |        8985     41.94%     41.94% |        3979     18.57%     60.51% |        3887     18.14%     78.66% |        4572     21.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS::total        21423                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS |           4     57.14%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1     14.29%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load   |        3240      0.33%      0.33% |      973121     99.08%     99.41% |        2533      0.26%     99.67% |        3255      0.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load::total       982149                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch |       25961      2.09%      2.09% |     1174188     94.50%     96.59% |       22055      1.78%     98.37% |       20269      1.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch::total      1242473                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store  |          23     39.66%     39.66% |          13     22.41%     62.07% |           6     10.34%     72.41% |          16     27.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store::total           58                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load   |        1573     30.55%     30.55% |         684     13.28%     43.83% |        1421     27.60%     71.43% |        1471     28.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load::total         5149                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch |       16094     43.86%     43.86% |           0      0.00%     43.86% |        5814     15.84%     59.71% |       14785     40.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch::total        36693                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store  |           3     13.04%     13.04% |           3     13.04%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |          16     69.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load   |        8777      8.27%      8.27% |       96714     91.09%     99.36% |         215      0.20%     99.56% |         465      0.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load::total       106171                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch |       14857     74.10%     74.10% |        4357     21.73%     95.84% |           0      0.00%     95.84% |         835      4.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch::total        20049                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store  |          23      3.38%      3.38% |          61      8.96%     12.33% |          10      1.47%     13.80% |         587     86.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store::total          681                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load  |        3443      0.98%      0.98% |      345464     98.22%     99.19% |         662      0.19%     99.38% |        2172      0.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load::total       351741                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store |        8074      0.90%      0.90% |      885742     98.76%     99.66% |        1160      0.13%     99.79% |        1874      0.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store::total       896850                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        5652     12.96%     12.96% |       25700     58.94%     71.90% |        1136      2.61%     74.51% |       11117     25.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        43605                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        3377     45.33%     45.33% |         876     11.76%     57.09% |        1562     20.97%     78.06% |        1634     21.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         7449                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |        1312      8.39%      8.39% |        9882     63.20%     71.60% |         559      3.58%     75.17% |        3882     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total        15635                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        5186     71.03%     71.03% |         212      2.90%     73.94% |         272      3.73%     77.66% |        1631     22.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         7301                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data   |        4536     45.53%     45.53% |        1836     18.43%     63.96% |        1750     17.57%     81.53% |        1840     18.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data::total         9962                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |          33     12.64%     12.64% |          15      5.75%     18.39% |           9      3.45%     21.84% |         204     78.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total          261                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers |          11     12.64%     12.64% |           5      5.75%     18.39% |           3      3.45%     21.84% |          68     78.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers::total           87                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack   |        7248     32.39%     32.39% |        5145     22.99%     55.39% |        6139     27.44%     82.82% |        3844     17.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack::total        22376                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers |        7913     45.45%     45.45% |        2712     15.58%     61.02% |        3312     19.02%     80.05% |        3474     19.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers::total        17411                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |          11     15.71%     15.71% |          36     51.43%     67.14% |           8     11.43%     78.57% |          15     21.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total           70                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          29     90.62%     90.62% |           0      0.00%     90.62% |           3      9.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total           32                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack   |        3883     22.11%     22.11% |        2292     13.05%     35.16% |        4397     25.04%     60.19% |        6991     39.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack::total        17563                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers |        6958     25.03%     25.03% |        7098     25.54%     50.57% |        6953     25.02%     75.59% |        6786     24.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total        27795                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |         211     25.48%     25.48% |         311     37.56%     63.04% |         127     15.34%     78.38% |         179     21.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total          828                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack  |         940     23.41%     23.41% |        1795     44.71%     68.12% |         367      9.14%     77.26% |         913     22.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack::total         4015                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers |        1312      8.37%      8.37% |        9911     63.26%     71.63% |         559      3.57%     75.20% |        3885     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total        15667                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack    |       17509     24.32%     24.32% |       16440     22.84%     47.16% |       22814     31.69%     78.85% |       15229     21.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack::total        71992                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack |        5771     31.36%     31.36% |        4943     26.86%     58.22% |         749      4.07%     62.29% |        6939     37.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack::total        18402                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          25     60.98%     60.98% |           1      2.44%     63.41% |          15     36.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total           41                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data |       11569     23.77%     23.77% |        8217     16.89%     40.66% |       10786     22.17%     62.83% |       18089     37.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data::total        48661                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |        6958     25.00%     25.00% |        7127     25.61%     50.62% |        6953     24.99%     75.60% |        6789     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total        27827                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |           1      0.36%      0.36% |         113     40.94%     41.30% |           4      1.45%     42.75% |         158     57.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total          276                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch |         449      7.90%      7.90% |        1826     32.13%     40.02% |         268      4.71%     44.74% |        3141     55.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch::total         5684                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack    |        7474     21.69%     21.69% |        2258      6.55%     28.24% |        6123     17.77%     46.01% |       18602     53.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack::total        34457                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack |        4769     27.98%     27.98% |        6268     36.78%     64.76% |        1906     11.18%     75.95% |        4099     24.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack::total        17042                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks |       11569     23.75%     23.75% |        8242     16.92%     40.68% |       10787     22.15%     62.83% |       18104     37.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks::total        48702                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack |          26     89.66%     89.66% |           0      0.00%     89.66% |           2      6.90%     96.55% |           1      3.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack::total           29                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |           9     12.50%     12.50% |          56     77.78%     90.28% |           2      2.78%     93.06% |           5      6.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total           72                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       29224      1.31%      1.31% |     2147322     96.52%     97.84% |       24594      1.11%     98.94% |       23540      1.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      2224680                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       17670     42.21%     42.21% |         687      1.64%     43.85% |        7236     17.28%     61.13% |       16272     38.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total        41865                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       23657     18.64%     18.64% |      101132     79.69%     98.34% |         225      0.18%     98.51% |        1887      1.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       126901                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       11517      0.92%      0.92% |     1231206     98.61%     99.53% |        1822      0.15%     99.68% |        4046      0.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      1248591                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.607067                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3607067125500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               54845610783001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 128669                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   219224                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              228778599                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2103952                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15766.63                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2028679339                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3456420242                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1441280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           1441280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0       170176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         170176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        22520                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              22520                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0         2659                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              2659                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       399571                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total               399571                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0        47178                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total               47178                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0       446750                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total              446750                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      22520                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      2659                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    22520                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    2659                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               1440000                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1280                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 168960                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                1441280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              170176                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    20                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             1576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             1273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             1565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             1343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             1405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             1401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             1252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             1659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             1394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             1249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            1301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            1334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            1219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            1305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            1603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            1621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2              286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4               33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5               96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6               72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9              162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10             214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11             172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14             151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15             287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 3607060107000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                22520                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                2659                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  22104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    396                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                   151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                   153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                   150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                   147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                   149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                   148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                   147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                   149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                   152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                   145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                   145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                   145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                   145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                   145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                   145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                   145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples         7525                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   213.857807                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   125.265172                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   278.547969                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4181     55.56%     55.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1644     21.85%     77.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          473      6.29%     83.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          230      3.06%     86.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          170      2.26%     89.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          114      1.51%     90.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           92      1.22%     91.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           85      1.13%     92.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          536      7.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total         7525                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          145                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean    208.158621                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   826.627298                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          133     91.72%     91.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            6      4.14%     95.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            2      1.38%     97.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047            1      0.69%     97.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            1      0.69%     98.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      0.69%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      0.69%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          145                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          145                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.206897                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.184401                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.896727                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16              13      8.97%      8.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      0.69%      9.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18              77     53.10%     62.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              53     36.55%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.69%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          145                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   179558997                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              601433997                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 112500000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     7980.40                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               26730.40                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.40                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     27.28                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   15728                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   1891                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                69.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               71.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                 143256686.41                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   70.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                34934760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                19061625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              116945400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy               8125920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        235815712080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         83454998175                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        2093051790000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2412501567960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           668.203413                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3480235753250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 120448120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6389874250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                41254920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                22510125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              118614600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy               8981280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        235815712080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         84002429025                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        2092571587500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2412581089530                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           668.225438                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3479842118000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 120448120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6782551500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1407744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           1407744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1       162240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         162240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        21996                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              21996                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1         2535                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              2535                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       390274                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total               390274                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1        44978                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total               44978                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1       435252                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total              435252                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      21996                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      2535                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    21996                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    2535                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               1406528                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 160256                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                1407744                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              162240                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             1509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             1249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             1505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             1325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             1401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             1405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             1217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             1643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             1388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             1240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            1254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            1279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            1164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            1245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            1571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            1582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4               28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6               71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8              143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9              166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10             197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11             174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14             142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15             253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 3607066142000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                21996                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                2535                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  21570                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    407                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                   142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                   143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                   147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                   142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                   143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                   139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                   140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                   144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                   141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                   141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                   140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                   139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                   139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                   137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                   137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                   137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples         7147                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   219.240520                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   126.823303                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   284.949456                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3974     55.60%     55.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1502     21.02%     76.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          446      6.24%     82.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          231      3.23%     86.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          166      2.32%     88.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          115      1.61%     90.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           85      1.19%     91.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           74      1.04%     92.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          554      7.75%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total         7147                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          137                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean    216.167883                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   851.408388                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          127     92.70%     92.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            5      3.65%     96.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            1      0.73%     97.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            1      0.73%     97.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583            1      0.73%     98.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            1      0.73%     99.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      0.73%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          137                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          137                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.277372                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.245516                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.089589                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16              13      9.49%      9.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      0.73%     10.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18              72     52.55%     62.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              45     32.85%     95.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               2      1.46%     97.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.73%     97.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               2      1.46%     99.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.73%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          137                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   174643000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              586711750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 109885000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     7946.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               26696.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     17.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   15502                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   1834                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                70.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               72.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                 147041137.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   70.73                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                33672240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                18372750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              114925200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy               7678800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        235815712080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         83535726420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        2092980975750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2412507063240                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           668.204935                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3480163837250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 120448120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6460395250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                39327120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                21458250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              116376000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy               8547120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        235815712080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         83915158320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        2092648140750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2412564719640                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           668.220904                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3479924520250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 120448120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6699800250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      7216073652                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   20629597                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     36719191                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             31284965                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses               8402445                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     665397                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      2209356                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    31284965                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                      8402445                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           60643921                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          23897908                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            14069391                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes            7476726                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            15258424                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           11144504                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      8270818                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    6069577                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   2201241                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              7138647081.735944                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              77426570.264056                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.010730                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.989270                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          3049180                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               135667      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 24437952     66.55%     66.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  215011      0.59%     67.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    39443      0.11%     67.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                3620561      9.86%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 6069577     16.53%     94.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                2201241      5.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  36719452                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      7212435961                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                 1994771891                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   3393440675                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           2758069197                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses            1010095969                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   49949332                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts    199866733                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  2758069197                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                   1010095969                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         5219376179                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        2052999506                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads          1701911052                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          899771631                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads          1288868837                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes         1039535731                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    738387602                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  571902455                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                 166485147                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              87652992.624763                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              7124782968.375237                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.987847                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.012153                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        261235414                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1516855      0.04%      0.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu               2189660408     64.53%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                24040505      0.71%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   210504      0.01%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              439625077     12.96%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               571902455     16.85%     95.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite              166485147      4.91%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                3393440951                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      7212702042                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    5620287                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     11295088                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             11107364                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 16235                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     262093                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       849414                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    11107364                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        16235                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           22240403                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           9046783                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               26365                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              12843                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             6176974                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            3667173                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      2577968                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    1556595                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   1021373                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              7189047269.075711                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              23654772.924289                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.003280                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.996720                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          1232465                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               125645      1.11%      1.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  8524438     75.47%     76.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   14535      0.13%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    40631      0.36%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  12140      0.11%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 1556595     13.78%     90.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                1021373      9.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  11295405                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      7217609298                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    6285112                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     12434043                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             12205586                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                 25452                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     298578                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       899959                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    12205586                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                        25452                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           24793252                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           9939457                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               40685                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              19797                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             6613468                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            3918500                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      2940472                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    1797362                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1143110                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              7189531357.381648                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              28077940.618352                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.003890                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.996110                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1307955                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               125293      1.01%      1.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  9294655     74.75%     75.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   17819      0.14%     75.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    37454      0.30%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                  18595      0.15%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 1797362     14.45%     90.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1143110      9.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  12434320                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 6921                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                6921                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                8438                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               8438                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               853                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              853                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5016                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2614                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         6828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           92                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           58                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         8112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2298                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        13534                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   32424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           66                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          475                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4508                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8445                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1307                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         9717                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           52                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          647                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4556                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8723                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         6088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         4056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        14816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    44997                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               238000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              6860982                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             7955500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             3144492                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             3035478                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             3162990                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             3182988                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1228994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             3864500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             5431000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             4190500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy            11092500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           47                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       192512                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           47                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   7191421397                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000411                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  7191420183    100.00%    100.00% |        1214      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   7191421397                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     7191421397                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.012268                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.002618                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         0.517666                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  7191416604    100.00%    100.00% |        3937      0.00%    100.00% |         106      0.00%    100.00% |         179      0.00%    100.00% |         453      0.00%    100.00% |         118      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       7191421397                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   7191135722                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.010279                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.002468                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.320450                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |  7183743665     99.90%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |     7392057      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   7191135722                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       285675                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    51.069093                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    43.810211                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    40.684710                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |      280882     98.32%     98.32% |        3937      1.38%     99.70% |         106      0.04%     99.74% |         179      0.06%     99.80% |         453      0.16%     99.96% |         118      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       285675                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr          772                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      8202043                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        72703                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      8274746                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits     28646192                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        69660                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses     28715852                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       101885                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        40478                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       142363                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits    736052470                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      2338673                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    738391143                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits   2804865607                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses      1187462                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses   2806053069                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits      3490701                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        35434                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses      3526135                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            20                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      2519605                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67325                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      2586930                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      7380484                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        58274                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7438758                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        80323                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        45276                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses       125599                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            16                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      2870315                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        74023                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      2944338                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      8297095                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        57994                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      8355089                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        77192                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        54825                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       132017                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles            11                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.003915                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        40478                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          186                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        80222                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       185762                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          162                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          519                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          519                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          357                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       137908                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        40478                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       323824                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1488                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5775984                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1486096                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        11664                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4152                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         4152                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         2856                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1103264                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       323824                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.003453                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        35434                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::3          302                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        65020                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       194796                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          207                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          237                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          237                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       143045                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        35434                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       283472                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         2416                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4681440                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1558368                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        14904                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1896                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         1896                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1144360                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       283472                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.003919                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        45276                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::3          220                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::4        76695                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::4       201274                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         1277                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1660                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1660                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          383                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       133253                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        45276                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       362208                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1760                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5522040                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1610192                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        91944                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        13280                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        13280                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         3064                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1066024                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       362208                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.004275                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        54825                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::3           52                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        85957                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::4       220152                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          444                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          833                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          833                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          389                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       123966                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        54825                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       438600                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      6188904                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1761216                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        31968                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6664                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         6664                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         3112                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       991728                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       438600                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.001797                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        95768                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::3          574                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1           53                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::4        22934                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::4         5768                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         1102                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1557                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1724                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1724                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          622                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        96751                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        95768                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       766144                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         4592                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         3816                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1651248                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        46144                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        79344                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12456                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        13792                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        13792                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         4976                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       774008                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       766144                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.001614                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::2        80245                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::3          186                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1           43                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::4        22411                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Control::4         5732                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          988                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1547                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1525                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1525                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          537                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        81605                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        80245                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       641960                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1488                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         3096                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1613592                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        45856                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        71136                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12376                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        12200                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        12200                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         4296                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       652840                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       641960                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.000024                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3104                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6912                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        24832                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized     0.002530                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Request_Control::2       176013                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Request_Control::3          760                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::4       176620                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Control::4       406742                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         2090                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3104                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         3249                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         3249                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         1159                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       538172                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       176013                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1408104                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         6080                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6912                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     12716640                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      3253936                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       150480                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        24832                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        25992                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        25992                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         9272                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      4305376                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      1408104                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       530319                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data       530147                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control      1220226                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data         6270                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control        41307                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Broadcast_Control      1254700                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control       528039                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      4242552                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data     38170584                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control      9761808                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data       451440                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control       330456                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Broadcast_Control     10037600                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control      4224312                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004089                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          186                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        40441                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        87449                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          519                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       137908                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1488                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2911752                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       699592                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         4152                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1103264                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003740                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        40478                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        39781                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        98313                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          162                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          519                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          357                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        40478                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       323824                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2864232                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       786504                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        11664                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4152                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         2856                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       323824                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003762                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          302                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        35338                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        81131                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          237                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       143045                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         2416                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2544336                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       649048                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         1896                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1144360                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003145                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        35434                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        29682                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       113665                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          207                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          237                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        35434                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       283472                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2137104                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       909320                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        14904                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1896                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       283472                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004444                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          220                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        45202                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        99294                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1660                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       133253                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1760                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3254544                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       794352                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        13280                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1066024                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003393                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        45276                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        31493                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       101980                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         1277                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1660                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          383                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        45276                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       362208                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2267496                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       815840                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        91944                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        13280                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         3064                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       362208                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005162                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           52                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        54723                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       127368                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          833                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       123966                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3940056                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1018944                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         6664                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       991728                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003388                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        54825                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        31234                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        92784                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          444                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          833                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          389                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        54825                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       438600                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2248848                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       742272                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        31968                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6664                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         3112                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       438600                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.001492                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        95768                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          460                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         5768                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         1102                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1557                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1724                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          622                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        95768                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       766144                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        33120                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        46144                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        79344                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12456                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        13792                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         4976                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       766144                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002102                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3          574                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           53                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        22474                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1724                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        96751                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         4592                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         3816                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1618128                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        13792                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       774008                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.001267                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        80245                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          456                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         5732                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          988                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1547                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1525                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          537                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        80245                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       641960                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        32832                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        45856                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        71136                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12376                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        12200                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         4296                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       641960                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001960                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3          186                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           43                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        21955                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1525                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        81605                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1488                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         3096                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1580760                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        12200                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       652840                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000027                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6912                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000022                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3104                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        24832                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004089                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          186                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        40441                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        87449                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          519                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       137908                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1488                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2911752                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       699592                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         4152                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1103264                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003762                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3          302                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        35338                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        81131                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          237                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       143045                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         2416                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2544336                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       649048                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         1896                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1144360                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.link_utilization     0.004444                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::3          220                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4        45202                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::4        99294                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1660                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       133253                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1760                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3254544                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       794352                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        13280                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1066024                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.link_utilization     0.005162                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::3           52                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        54723                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::4       127368                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          833                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       123966                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3940056                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1018944                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         6664                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       991728                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.link_utilization     0.001492                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        95768                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::4          460                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::4         5768                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         1102                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1557                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1724                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          622                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        95768                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       766144                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        33120                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        46144                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        79344                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12456                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        13792                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         4976                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       766144                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.link_utilization     0.001267                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2        80245                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::4          456                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::4         5732                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          988                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1547                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1525                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          537                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        80245                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       641960                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        32832                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        45856                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        71136                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12376                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        12200                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         4296                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       641960                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.link_utilization     0.000027                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6912                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples   1148603720                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.031779                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.006663                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      0.838493                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |  1148600976    100.00%    100.00% |        2387      0.00%    100.00% |          65      0.00%    100.00% |         104      0.00%    100.00% |         152      0.00%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total    1148603720                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1148437188                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.025482                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.006129                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.504152                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |  1145510755     99.75%     99.75% |           0      0.00%     99.75% |           0      0.00%     99.75% |           0      0.00%     99.75% |           0      0.00%     99.75% |     2926433      0.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1148437188                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       166532                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    44.458783                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    39.172067                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    34.788474                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      163788     98.35%     98.35% |        2387      1.43%     99.79% |          65      0.04%     99.82% |         104      0.06%     99.89% |         152      0.09%     99.98% |          36      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       166532                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    339970748                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.066126                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.013468                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.408201                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   339969574    100.00%    100.00% |         779      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |         248      0.00%    100.00% |          67      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     339970748                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    339903976                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.052444                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.012655                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.722278                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |   338121400     99.48%     99.48% |           0      0.00%     99.48% |           0      0.00%     99.48% |           0      0.00%     99.48% |           0      0.00%     99.48% |     1782576      0.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    339903976                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        66772                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    70.718040                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    60.253039                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    50.879053                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |       65598     98.24%     98.24% |         779      1.17%     99.41% |          27      0.04%     99.45% |          53      0.08%     99.53% |         248      0.37%     99.90% |          67      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        66772                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   5690562461                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.004911                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001137                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.263818                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  5690561671    100.00%    100.00% |         700      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |          50      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   5690562461                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   5690537485                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.004669                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001120                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.216018                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |  5687880829     99.95%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |     2656656      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   5690537485                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        24976                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    56.308937                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.600058                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    46.555323                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       24186     96.84%     96.84% |         700      2.80%     99.64% |           7      0.03%     99.67% |          20      0.08%     99.75% |          50      0.20%     99.95% |          13      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        24976                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples     11686288                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.063079                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.009161                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.387381                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |    11686097    100.00%    100.00% |         169      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total     11686288                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     11673150                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.021029                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.005055                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.458087                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |    11648603     99.79%     99.79% |           0      0.00%     99.79% |           0      0.00%     99.79% |           0      0.00%     99.79% |           0      0.00%     99.79% |       24547      0.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     11673150                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        13138                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    38.424874                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    37.755682                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    11.323710                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       12947     98.55%     98.55% |         169      1.29%     99.83% |          18      0.14%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           4      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        13138                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       299090                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.860186                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.206241                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.973976                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      299027     99.98%     99.98% |          53      0.02%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       299090                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       284833                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.064775                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.015654                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.802218                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |      282988     99.35%     99.35% |           0      0.00%     99.35% |           0      0.00%     99.35% |           0      0.00%     99.35% |           0      0.00%     99.35% |        1845      0.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       284833                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        14257                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    38.729747                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    37.462138                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    18.043752                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       14194     99.56%     99.56% |          53      0.37%     99.93% |           3      0.02%     99.95% |           2      0.01%     99.96% |           3      0.02%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        14257                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       299090                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      299090    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       299090                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       299090                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      299090    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       299090                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   7183743045                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  7183743045    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   7183743045                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       223621                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.285523                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.211118                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.438695                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      222478     99.49%     99.49% |        1142      0.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       223621                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples       222849                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.028602                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.007014                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.530878                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |      222174     99.70%     99.70% |          47      0.02%     99.72% |           0      0.00%     99.72% |           0      0.00%     99.72% |           0      0.00%     99.72% |         628      0.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total       222849                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples       222849                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.004483                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.003182                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.204291                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      222782     99.97%     99.97% |          63      0.03%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total       222849                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples       222849                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000772                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000728                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.047833                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      222831     99.99%     99.99% |          18      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total       222849                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples       222849                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean     1.174975                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev     1.925815                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |      113510     50.94%     50.94% |       70366     31.58%     82.51% |       10533      4.73%     87.24% |          43      0.02%     87.26% |          41      0.02%     87.28% |          19      0.01%     87.28% |       28337     12.72%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total       222849                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      7392677                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999161                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.997788                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.091575                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         620      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |     7392057     99.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      7392677                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        62054                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   111.551230                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   106.816085                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    54.088521                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       57261     92.28%     92.28% |        3937      6.34%     98.62% |         106      0.17%     98.79% |         179      0.29%     99.08% |         453      0.73%     99.81% |         118      0.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        62054                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples        62054                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.006430                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.001178                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.315747                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |       62027     99.96%     99.96% |           1      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           3      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |          23      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total        62054                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples        62054                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.011796                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.007763                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.414889                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       62011     99.93%     99.93% |          20      0.03%     99.96% |          13      0.02%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |          10      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total        62054                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples        62054                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.003578                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.003362                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.106453                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       62034     99.97%     99.97% |          20      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total        62054                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples        62054                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean    78.529426                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::gmean    72.864843                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev    54.094177                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |       61041     98.37%     98.37% |         183      0.29%     98.66% |         112      0.18%     98.84% |         240      0.39%     99.23% |         477      0.77%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total        62054                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1145510730                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1145510730    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   1145510730                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       145011                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.508361                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.475178                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.762759                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      144240     99.47%     99.47% |           2      0.00%     99.47% |         315      0.22%     99.69% |         454      0.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       145011                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2926458                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999915                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999775                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.029228                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          25      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2926433    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2926458                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        21521                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   118.243994                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   112.947626                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.604633                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       18777     87.25%     87.25% |        2387     11.09%     98.34% |          65      0.30%     98.64% |         104      0.48%     99.13% |         152      0.71%     99.83% |          36      0.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        21521                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    338120888                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   338120888    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    338120888                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        33739                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.110940                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    35.990287                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.019262                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       33127     98.19%     98.19% |         270      0.80%     98.99% |         341      1.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        33739                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1783088                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.997129                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.992429                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.169428                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         512      0.03%      0.03% |           0      0.00%      0.03% |           0      0.00%      0.03% |           0      0.00%      0.03% |           0      0.00%      0.03% |     1782576     99.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1783088                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        33033                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   106.064784                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   101.989544                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    52.447466                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       31859     96.45%     96.45% |         779      2.36%     98.80% |          27      0.08%     98.89% |          53      0.16%     99.05% |         248      0.75%     99.80% |          67      0.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        33033                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   5687880829                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  5687880829    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   5687880829                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        18024                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.340435                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.336823                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.493710                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       17998     99.86%     99.86% |          26      0.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        18024                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2656656                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2656656    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2656656                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         6952                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   115.857883                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   111.049601                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    53.593967                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        6162     88.64%     88.64% |         700     10.07%     98.71% |           7      0.10%     98.81% |          20      0.29%     99.09% |          50      0.72%     99.81% |          13      0.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         6952                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     11648603                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    11648603    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     11648603                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        12945                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    37.196060                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    37.124674                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.278107                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       12935     99.92%     99.92% |           6      0.05%     99.97% |           4      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        12945                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        24547                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       24547    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        24547                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          193                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   120.844560                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   116.931350                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    38.644840                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           2      1.04%      1.04% |         169     87.56%     88.60% |          18      9.33%     97.93% |           0      0.00%     97.93% |           0      0.00%     97.93% |           4      2.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          193                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       282988                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      282988    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       282988                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        13902                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.477054                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.372220                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.783074                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       13874     99.80%     99.80% |          27      0.19%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        13902                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1845                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1845    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1845                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          355                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   126.946479                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   119.052536                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    69.309141                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         292     82.25%     82.25% |          53     14.93%     97.18% |           3      0.85%     98.03% |           2      0.56%     98.59% |           3      0.85%     99.44% |           2      0.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          355                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       299007                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      299007    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       299007                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           83                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          83    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           83                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |       33238     54.36%     54.36% |       27903     45.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total        61141                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |       62614     54.45%     54.45% |       52380     45.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total       114994                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT     |        1724     53.06%     53.06% |        1525     46.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT::total         3249                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS |       34024     55.57%     55.57% |       27206     44.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS::total        61230                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM |       61744     53.79%     53.79% |       53039     46.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM::total       114783                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean |         340     50.60%     50.60% |         332     49.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean::total          672                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty |          26     74.29%     74.29% |           9     25.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty::total           35                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |         282     57.91%     57.91% |         205     42.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total          487                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |        1076     52.36%     52.36% |         979     47.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total         2055                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          53     55.21%     55.21% |          43     44.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           96                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        1504     50.00%     50.00% |        1504     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         3008                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       22520     50.59%     50.59% |       21996     49.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total        44516                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |        2659     51.19%     51.19% |        2535     48.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total         5194                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack     |        5768     50.16%     50.16% |        5732     49.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack::total        11500                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |           8     61.54%     61.54% |           5     38.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total           13                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data |         452     50.06%     50.06% |         451     49.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total          903                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |        1557     50.16%     50.16% |        1547     49.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total         3104                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks |         574     75.53%     75.53% |         186     24.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks::total          760                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX |       12622     59.12%     59.12% |        8728     40.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX::total        21350                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS |       17052     54.45%     54.45% |       14263     45.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS::total        31315                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT  |         366     51.77%     51.77% |         341     48.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT::total          707                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.DMA_WRITE |           8     61.54%     61.54% |           5     38.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.DMA_WRITE::total           13                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX |        9305     53.86%     53.86% |        7971     46.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX::total        17276                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS |       33741     55.42%     55.42% |       27141     44.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS::total        60882                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT  |        1358     53.42%     53.42% |        1184     46.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT::total         2542                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ |           7     77.78%     77.78% |           2     22.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_WRITE |         445     49.78%     49.78% |         449     50.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_WRITE::total          894                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX  |           6     60.00%     60.00% |           4     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX::total           10                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS  |         234     52.12%     52.12% |         215     47.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS::total          449                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX  |       11231     50.14%     50.14% |       11167     49.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX::total        22398                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS  |       11003     51.01%     51.01% |       10569     48.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS::total        21572                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ |          46     52.87%     52.87% |          41     47.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ::total           87                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE |        1051     50.02%     50.02% |        1050     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE::total         2101                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX |          69     70.41%     70.41% |          29     29.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX::total           98                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS |         574     75.53%     75.53% |         186     24.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS::total          760                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS |       33149     55.31%     55.31% |       26781     44.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS::total        59930                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM |       61168     53.65%     53.65% |       52847     46.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM::total       114015                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS |          67     74.44%     74.44% |          23     25.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS::total           90                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM |           2     25.00%     25.00% |           6     75.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM::total            8                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM |         574     75.53%     75.53% |         186     24.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM::total          760                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS |         574     75.43%     75.43% |         187     24.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS::total          761                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks |         574     75.53%     75.53% |         186     24.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks::total          760                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS |         234     52.12%     52.12% |         215     47.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS::total          449                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data |       22240     50.57%     50.57% |       21740     49.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data::total        43980                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data |         234     52.12%     52.12% |         215     47.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data::total          449                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack |        5563     50.00%     50.00% |        5562     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack::total        11125                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Data |           8     61.54%     61.54% |           5     38.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Data::total           13                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Exclusive_Data |         445     49.78%     49.78% |         449     50.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Exclusive_Data::total          894                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |        1504     50.00%     50.00% |        1504     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total         3008                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data |          46     52.87%     52.87% |          41     47.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data::total           87                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack |         184     53.49%     53.49% |         160     46.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack::total          344                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack |          21     77.78%     77.78% |           6     22.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data |           7     77.78%     77.78% |           2     22.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |           7     77.78%     77.78% |           2     22.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |          46     52.87%     52.87% |          41     47.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total           87                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack |        1504     50.00%     50.00% |        1504     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack::total         3008                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX |           5     62.50%     62.50% |           3     37.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX::total            8                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS |          10     66.67%     66.67% |           5     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS::total           15                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean |         340     50.60%     50.60% |         332     49.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean::total          672                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty |          26     74.29%     74.29% |           9     25.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty::total           35                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |         282     57.91%     57.91% |         205     42.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total          487                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |        1076     52.36%     52.36% |         979     47.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total         2055                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack |          26     74.29%     74.29% |           9     25.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack::total           35                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack |        1129     52.49%     52.49% |        1022     47.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack::total         2151                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          96    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           96                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          96    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             96                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          96    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           96                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          96    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           96                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         3008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5929497      1.03%      1.03% |   566207550     98.42%     99.45% |     1474191      0.26%     99.70% |     1697269      0.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    575308507                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    28715852      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072220637184    100.00%    100.00% |     7438758      0.00%    100.00% |     8355090      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072265146368                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     2345254      1.33%      1.33% |   172183635     97.34%     98.67% |     1112754      0.63%     99.29% |     1247077      0.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total    176888720                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |         578     12.34%     12.34% |         356      7.60%     19.94% |        2203     47.03%     66.97% |        1547     33.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total         4684                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2  |      121495      3.15%      3.15% |     3517358     91.18%     94.32% |      107485      2.79%     97.11% |      111448      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2::total      3857786                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |       34718      1.45%      1.45% |     2307331     96.41%     97.86% |       25685      1.07%     98.94% |       25476      1.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      2393210                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       67236      4.95%      4.95% |     1183399     87.18%     92.13% |       54792      4.04%     96.17% |       52014      3.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total      1357441                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1 |      101954      2.72%      2.72% |     3490730     93.07%     95.79% |       80477      2.15%     97.93% |       77490      2.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      3750651                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX |       48988     25.10%     25.10% |       49050     25.14%     50.24% |       50875     26.07%     76.31% |       46221     23.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX::total       195134                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS |       88920     25.92%     25.92% |       93995     27.40%     53.32% |       82378     24.01%     77.34% |       77745     22.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS::total       343038                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS |         186     24.47%     24.47% |         302     39.74%     64.21% |         220     28.95%     93.16% |          52      6.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS::total          760                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       75944     21.53%     21.53% |       69243     19.63%     41.16% |       93286     26.44%     67.60% |      114296     32.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total       352769                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack |       11505     27.09%     27.09% |       11888     27.99%     55.08% |        6008     14.15%     69.22% |       13072     30.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack::total        42473                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        8471     39.40%     39.40% |        2992     13.92%     53.32% |        5294     24.62%     77.94% |        4743     22.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        21500                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data |       13241     21.78%     21.78% |       10646     17.52%     39.30% |       15715     25.86%     65.16% |       21179     34.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data::total        60781                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |       18729     20.05%     20.05% |       21700     23.23%     43.28% |       24193     25.90%     69.17% |       28801     30.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total        93423                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |         519     15.97%     15.97% |         237      7.29%     23.27% |        1660     51.09%     74.36% |         833     25.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total         3249                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       13459     21.99%     21.99% |       10675     17.44%     39.42% |       15838     25.87%     65.29% |       21246     34.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total        61218                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers |       27019     23.54%     23.54% |       24759     21.57%     45.10% |       29438     25.64%     70.75% |       33579     29.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers::total       114795                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       23000     23.23%     23.23% |       16379     16.54%     39.76% |       28627     28.91%     68.67% |       31024     31.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        99030                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        2424     15.20%     15.20% |        4063     25.47%     40.67% |        3482     21.83%     62.51% |        5980     37.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        15949                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       10159     21.31%     21.31% |       12816     26.88%     48.19% |        9958     20.89%     69.08% |       14739     30.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total        47672                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX |       34467     26.53%     26.53% |       37904     29.18%     55.71% |       32721     25.19%     80.90% |       24809     19.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX::total       129901                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS |       51213     24.58%     24.58% |       69962     33.58%     58.16% |       43201     20.73%     78.89% |       43983     21.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS::total       208359                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      363119      0.23%      0.23% |   155033192     99.43%     99.66% |      268310      0.17%     99.83% |      258834      0.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total    155923455                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3868336      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072174217216    100.00%    100.00% |     6480455      0.00%    100.00% |     4772315      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total 18446744072189337600                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        4799     38.23%     38.23% |        2064     16.44%     54.67% |        2988     23.80%     78.47% |        2703     21.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        12554                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement |          59      4.11%      4.11% |         119      8.29%     12.40% |         543     37.84%     50.24% |         714     49.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement::total         1435                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2 |       39540      1.71%      1.71% |     2161673     93.52%     95.23% |       62210      2.69%     97.92% |       47995      2.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2::total      2311418                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        4399      0.44%      0.44% |      974517     97.95%     98.39% |       10229      1.03%     99.42% |        5817      0.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       994962                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       29043      2.26%      2.26% |     1178814     91.86%     94.12% |       44398      3.46%     97.58% |       31080      2.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total      1283335                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX |        6326     24.32%     24.32% |        1185      4.56%     28.88% |        8191     31.49%     60.37% |       10307     39.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX::total        26009                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS |        6307     14.85%     14.85% |        4614     10.86%     25.71% |       17867     42.07%     67.78% |       13685     32.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS::total        42473                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |      121091     60.28%     60.28% |        5570      2.77%     63.05% |       26216     13.05%     76.10% |       48000     23.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total       200877                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch  |     3152036     52.34%     52.34% |       11187      0.19%     52.53% |      809688     13.45%     65.98% |     2048803     34.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch::total      6021714                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |          27     10.47%     10.47% |          83     32.17%     42.64% |          67     25.97%     68.60% |          81     31.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total          258                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement |         340     48.09%     48.09% |           8      1.13%     49.22% |         224     31.68%     80.91% |         135     19.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement::total          707                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2 |       28286     46.09%     46.09% |        1106      1.80%     47.90% |       11728     19.11%     67.01% |       20246     32.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2::total        61366                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        4577     47.13%     47.13% |         870      8.96%     56.09% |        2085     21.47%     77.55% |        2180     22.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total         9712                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       23179     45.96%     45.96% |         115      0.23%     46.18% |        9562     18.96%     65.14% |       17582     34.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        50438                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX |        4735     22.49%     22.49% |        5463     25.95%     48.44% |        6705     31.85%     80.28% |        4151     19.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX::total        21054                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS |       11931     38.10%     38.10% |        7671     24.50%     62.60% |        7602     24.28%     86.87% |        4111     13.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS::total        31315                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1556595      2.88%      2.88% |    52276794     96.56%     99.44% |      150339      0.28%     99.72% |      152766      0.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     54136494                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |    21625174     31.61%     31.61% |    45218496     66.10%     97.72% |       88616      0.13%     97.85% |     1471992      2.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total     68404278                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |        2924     19.46%     19.46% |        2337     15.55%     35.01% |        5710     38.00%     73.02% |        4054     26.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total        15025                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |          35      6.54%      6.54% |          22      4.11%     10.65% |         203     37.94%     48.60% |         275     51.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total          535                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2 |       28749     18.58%     18.58% |      105971     68.48%     87.05% |        7011      4.53%     91.58% |       13026      8.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2::total       154757                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        9714      8.61%      8.61% |       97278     86.26%     94.87% |        2134      1.89%     96.77% |        3647      3.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       112773                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       15014     63.44%     63.44% |        4470     18.89%     82.32% |         832      3.52%     85.84% |        3352     14.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        23668                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX |         274     11.50%     11.50% |         306     12.85%     24.35% |        1074     45.09%     69.44% |         728     30.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX::total         2382                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS |        9087     31.66%     31.66% |        6030     21.01%     52.66% |        7491     26.10%     78.76% |        6097     21.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS::total        28705                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS |           5      6.58%      6.58% |          66     86.84%     93.42% |           2      2.63%     96.05% |           3      3.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS::total           76                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |     3841903      1.06%      1.06% |   357456714     98.35%     99.40% |      980216      0.27%     99.67% |     1187931      0.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total    363466764                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |     2315217      1.32%      1.32% |   171276777     97.37%     98.69% |     1087029      0.62%     99.31% |     1217024      0.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total    175896047                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement |         144      7.17%      7.17% |         207     10.31%     17.49% |        1233     61.43%     78.92% |         423     21.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement::total         2007                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2 |       24920      1.87%      1.87% |     1248608     93.86%     95.74% |       26536      1.99%     97.73% |       30181      2.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2::total      1330245                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |       16028      1.26%      1.26% |     1234666     96.78%     98.03% |       11237      0.88%     98.92% |       13832      1.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      1275763                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX |        3186     20.18%     20.18% |        4192     26.55%     46.73% |        2184     13.83%     60.56% |        6226     39.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX::total        15788                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS |       10382     32.26%     32.26% |        5718     17.77%     50.02% |        6217     19.32%     69.34% |        9869     30.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS::total        32186                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS |         181     26.46%     26.46% |         236     34.50%     60.96% |         218     31.87%     92.84% |          49      7.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS::total          684                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load   |        4340      0.44%      0.44% |      974501     97.99%     98.43% |       10082      1.01%     99.44% |        5540      0.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load::total       994463                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch |       29043      2.26%      2.26% |     1178814     91.86%     94.12% |       44398      3.46%     97.58% |       31080      2.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch::total      1283335                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store  |          59     11.82%     11.82% |          16      3.21%     15.03% |         147     29.46%     44.49% |         277     55.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store::total          499                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load   |        4567     47.27%     47.27% |         857      8.87%     56.14% |        2078     21.51%     77.65% |        2159     22.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load::total         9661                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch |       23179     45.96%     45.96% |         115      0.23%     46.18% |        9562     18.96%     65.14% |       17582     34.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch::total        50438                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store  |          10     19.61%     19.61% |          13     25.49%     45.10% |           7     13.73%     58.82% |          21     41.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store::total           51                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load   |        9445      8.56%      8.56% |       97200     88.09%     96.65% |        1584      1.44%     98.09% |        2108      1.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load::total       110337                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch |       15014     63.44%     63.44% |        4470     18.89%     82.32% |         832      3.52%     85.84% |        3352     14.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch::total        23668                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store  |         269     11.04%     11.04% |          78      3.20%     14.24% |         550     22.58%     36.82% |        1539     63.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store::total         2436                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load  |        5395      1.47%      1.47% |      346179     94.39%     95.86% |        6538      1.78%     97.64% |        8650      2.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load::total       366762                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store |       10633      1.17%      1.17% |      888487     97.74%     98.91% |        4699      0.52%     99.43% |        5182      0.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store::total       909001                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |       15764     16.72%     16.72% |       29688     31.49%     48.21% |       14606     15.49%     63.70% |       34229     36.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        94287                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        3392     42.41%     42.41% |         883     11.04%     53.45% |        2027     25.34%     78.79% |        1696     21.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         7998                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |        6767     17.06%     17.06% |       11933     30.08%     47.13% |        7931     19.99%     67.12% |       13043     32.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total        39674                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        5674     53.45%     53.45% |         426      4.01%     57.46% |        1664     15.67%     73.13% |        2852     26.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        10616                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data   |        4858     37.22%     37.22% |        2080     15.94%     53.15% |        3135     24.02%     77.17% |        2980     22.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data::total        13053                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         111     11.97%     11.97% |         288     31.07%     43.04% |         222     23.95%     66.99% |         306     33.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total          927                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers |          37     11.97%     11.97% |          96     31.07%     43.04% |          74     23.95%     66.99% |         102     33.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers::total          309                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack   |        7419     28.64%     28.64% |        5426     20.94%     49.58% |        8070     31.15%     80.73% |        4992     19.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack::total        25907                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers |        8250     39.19%     39.19% |        2963     14.08%     53.27% |        5162     24.52%     77.79% |        4676     22.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers::total        21051                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |          31     15.35%     15.35% |          44     21.78%     37.13% |          55     27.23%     64.36% |          72     35.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total          202                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |           7      9.46%      9.46% |          33     44.59%     54.05% |           4      5.41%     59.46% |          30     40.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total           74                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack   |        5433     22.24%     22.24% |        3435     14.06%     36.30% |        6768     27.70%     64.00% |        8797     36.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack::total        24433                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers |       11955     22.27%     22.27% |        9734     18.14%     40.41% |       16258     30.29%     70.70% |       15728     29.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total        53675                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |        1150     22.79%     22.79% |         889     17.61%     40.40% |        1586     31.42%     71.82% |        1422     28.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total         5047                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack  |        3393     25.86%     25.86% |        2640     20.12%     45.98% |        4033     30.73%     76.71% |        3056     23.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack::total        13122                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers |        6774     17.04%     17.04% |       11966     30.10%     47.15% |        7935     19.96%     67.11% |       13073     32.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total        39748                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack    |       30057     21.36%     21.36% |       22420     15.94%     37.30% |       48356     34.37%     71.67% |       39855     28.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack::total       140688                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack |        6505     30.21%     30.21% |        5336     24.78%     54.99% |        1975      9.17%     64.16% |        7716     35.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack::total        21532                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |         221     49.22%     49.22% |          29      6.46%     55.68% |         132     29.40%     85.08% |          67     14.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total          449                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data |       13241     21.78%     21.78% |       10646     17.52%     39.30% |       15715     25.86%     65.16% |       21179     34.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data::total        60781                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |       11962     22.26%     22.26% |        9767     18.17%     40.43% |       16262     30.26%     70.68% |       15758     29.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total        53749                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |           6      1.34%      1.34% |         120     26.85%     28.19% |         139     31.10%     59.28% |         182     40.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total          447                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch |         646      7.53%      7.53% |        2223     25.91%     33.44% |        1725     20.11%     53.55% |        3985     46.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch::total         8579                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          40     85.11%     85.11% |           6     12.77%     97.87% |           1      2.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total           47                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack    |        8093     18.91%     18.91% |        4920     11.50%     30.41% |        9567     22.36%     52.77% |       20209     47.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack::total        42789                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack |        5000     23.88%     23.88% |        6552     31.29%     55.16% |        4033     19.26%     74.42% |        5356     25.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack::total        20941                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks |       13459     21.99%     21.99% |       10675     17.44%     39.42% |       15838     25.87%     65.29% |       21246     34.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks::total        61218                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers |           3     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           9     75.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers::total           12                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load   |           5     71.43%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack |         340     48.09%     48.09% |           8      1.13%     49.22% |         224     31.68%     80.91% |         135     19.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack::total          707                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     57.14%     57.14% |           3     42.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     25.00%     25.00% |           2     25.00%     50.00% |           4     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |         179      7.04%      7.04% |         229      9.01%     16.05% |        1436     56.49%     72.54% |         698     27.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total         2542                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       33442      1.47%      1.47% |     2153331     94.51%     95.98% |       54627      2.40%     98.38% |       36897      1.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      2278297                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       27756     46.14%     46.14% |         985      1.64%     47.78% |       11647     19.36%     67.15% |       19762     32.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total        60150                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Store::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       24728     18.12%     18.12% |      101748     74.57%     92.70% |        2966      2.17%     94.87% |        6999      5.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       136441                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       16028      1.26%      1.26% |     1234666     96.78%     98.03% |       11237      0.88%     98.92% |       13832      1.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      1275763                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
