
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.393783                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3393783159500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               56544752326001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 110727                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   185611                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              244897192                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1888552                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 13857.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1534460190                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2572193649                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2624832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           2624832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0       346048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         346048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        41013                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              41013                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0         5407                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              5407                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       773424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total               773424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0       101965                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              101965                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0       875389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total              875389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      41013                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      5407                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    41013                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    5407                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               2591104                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  33728                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 341312                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                2624832                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              346048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   527                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   84                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             3642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             1138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             1021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             1218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5              882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             3424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             3776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             4229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             3849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            1546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            1275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            1387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            1180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            3693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            3946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2              355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4              506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9              199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10             228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11             251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14             329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15             428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 3393791885000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                41013                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                5407                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  40369                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                   326                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                   325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                   325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                   323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                   331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                   324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                   323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                   323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                   323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                   323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                   323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                   324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                   324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                   324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                   324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                   325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        16102                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   182.111042                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   107.666804                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   262.001119                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        10367     64.38%     64.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3154     19.59%     83.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          686      4.26%     88.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          212      1.32%     89.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          157      0.98%     90.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          225      1.40%     91.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          139      0.86%     92.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          131      0.81%     93.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1031      6.40%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        16102                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          324                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean    137.913580                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   700.039003                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          318     98.15%     98.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            2      0.62%     98.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            1      0.31%     99.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      0.31%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      0.31%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      0.31%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          324                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          324                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.459877                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.432227                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.996089                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16             260     80.25%     80.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      0.31%     80.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18              48     14.81%     95.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              12      3.70%     99.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      0.31%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               2      0.62%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          324                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   323347000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             1082459500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 202430000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     7986.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               26736.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.19                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   27495                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   2221                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                67.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               41.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                  73110553.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   64.87                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                66134880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                36085500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              170929200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy              20794320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        221945755200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         87339411090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1962231772500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2271810882690                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           668.558098                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3262228612000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 113325940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  18234527000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                68410440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                37327125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              177660600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy              13763520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        221945755200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         88140173310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1961529349500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2271912439695                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           668.587984                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3260761375750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 113325940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  19697685500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2521920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           2521920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1       319296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         319296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        39405                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              39405                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1         4989                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              4989                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       743100                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total               743100                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1        94083                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total               94083                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1       837183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total              837183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      39405                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      4989                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    39405                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    4989                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               2498944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  22976                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 316864                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                2521920                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              319296                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   359                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                   39                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             4057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             3544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             1035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3              980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             1121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5              800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             3390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             3680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             3815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            1413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            1252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            1305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            1103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            3655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            3795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4              481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6              462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8              281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9              181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10             205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11             233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14             301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15             387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 3393774669500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                39405                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                4989                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  38926                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                   299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                   298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                   301                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                   299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                   305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                   298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                   299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                   299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                   298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                   298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                   299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                   298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                   297                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                   298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                   298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                   298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        14996                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   187.774873                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.260552                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   269.586841                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9622     64.16%     64.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2845     18.97%     83.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          690      4.60%     87.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          169      1.13%     88.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          153      1.02%     89.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          210      1.40%     91.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          144      0.96%     92.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          129      0.86%     93.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1034      6.90%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        14996                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          298                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean    145.020134                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   762.451610                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          292     97.99%     97.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            2      0.67%     98.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047            1      0.34%     98.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      0.34%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      0.34%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      0.34%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          298                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          298                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.614094                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.580665                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.092707                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16             218     73.15%     73.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17               2      0.67%     73.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18              61     20.47%     94.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              13      4.36%     98.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               2      0.67%     99.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               2      0.67%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          298                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   315597749                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             1047710249                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 195230000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     8082.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               26832.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   26814                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   2188                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                68.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               44.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  76446697.06                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   65.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                61886160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                33767250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              164634600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy              19530720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        221945755200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         87011799030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1962519151500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2271756524460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           668.542101                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3262713475250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 113325940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  17739790500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                64464120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                35173875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              172770000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy              12551760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        221945755200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         87666770925                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1961944614750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2271842100630                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           668.567285                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3261529878500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 113325940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  18929182750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2504192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           2504192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2       312064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total         312064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        39128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              39128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2         4876                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total              4876                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2       737876                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total               737876                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2        91952                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total               91952                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2       829828                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total              829828                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      39128                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                      4876                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    39128                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                    4876                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               2489088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  15104                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                 310592                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                2504192                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys              312064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   236                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                   24                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             4071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             3526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2              992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3              934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             1097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5              775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             3384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             3691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             4144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             3826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            1386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            1192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            1304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            1084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            3637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            3849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0              455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1              343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2              261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3              352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4              468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5              168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6              466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7              400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8              284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9              182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10             195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11             218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12             196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13             146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14             316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15             403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 3393776390000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                39128                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                4876                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  38770                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                   293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                   292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                   296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                   293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                   298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                   292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                   292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                   292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                   292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                   292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                   292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                   292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                   291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                   292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                   292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                   292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        14684                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   190.670662                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.550640                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   271.952294                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9347     63.65%     63.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2781     18.94%     82.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383          694      4.73%     87.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511          207      1.41%     88.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          143      0.97%     89.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          204      1.39%     91.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          142      0.97%     92.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          120      0.82%     92.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1046      7.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        14684                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples          292                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean    147.356164                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   843.468801                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          287     98.29%     98.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            1      0.34%     98.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071            2      0.68%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      0.34%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            1      0.34%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total          292                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples          292                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.619863                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.589873                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.023445                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16             210     71.92%     71.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      0.34%     72.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18              64     21.92%     94.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19              16      5.48%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      0.34%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total          292                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   291527500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             1020752500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 194460000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                     7495.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               26245.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   26830                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                   2232                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                68.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               46.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                  77124270.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   66.44                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                59897880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                32682375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy              163425600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy              18876240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        221945755200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy         86705489295                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        1962787844250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          2271713970840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           668.529578                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3263109806000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF 113325940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  17343617250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                63859320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                34843875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy              172590600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy              12571200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        221945755200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy         87735757455                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        1961884100250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          2271849477900                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           668.569456                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3261368409250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF 113325940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  19090652000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2488256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           2488256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3       307200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         307200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        38879                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              38879                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3         4800                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total              4800                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3       733181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total               733181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3        90518                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total               90518                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3       823699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total              823699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      38879                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                      4800                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    38879                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                    4800                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               2477952                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  10304                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                 306496                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                2488256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys              307200                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   161                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                   14                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             4095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             3431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             1011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3              928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             1124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5              784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             3361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             3695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             4144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             3750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            1453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            1155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            1283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            1128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            3610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            3766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0              448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1              338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2              275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3              345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4              464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5              182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6              460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7              393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8              273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9              156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10             204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11             217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12             198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13             158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14             301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15             377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 3393782929000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                38879                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                4800                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  38598                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                   293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                   289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                   292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                   288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                   293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                   289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                   290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                   290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                   289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                   289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                   289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                   289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                   290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                   289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                   289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                   289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        14448                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   192.722038                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.238024                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   274.205128                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9177     63.52%     63.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2699     18.68%     82.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383          715      4.95%     87.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511          192      1.33%     88.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          129      0.89%     89.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          222      1.54%     90.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          149      1.03%     91.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          124      0.86%     92.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1041      7.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        14448                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples          289                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean    148.363322                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   766.098569                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          282     97.58%     97.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            3      1.04%     98.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047            1      0.35%     98.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      0.35%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      0.35%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      0.35%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total          289                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples          289                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.570934                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.540204                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.042160                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16             217     75.09%     75.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      0.35%     75.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18              54     18.69%     94.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19              13      4.50%     98.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20               3      1.04%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.35%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total          289                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   286191250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             1012153750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 193590000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                     7391.68                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               26141.68                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.11                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   26796                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                   2263                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                69.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               47.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                  77698274.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   66.80                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                59209920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                32307000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy              162996600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy              18824400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        221945755200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy         86660114445                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        1962827646750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          2271706854315                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           668.527484                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3263170106000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF 113325940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  17284623500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                62649720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                34183875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy              171522000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy              12208320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        221945755200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy         87466865940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        1962119970000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          2271813155055                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           668.558767                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3261758012250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF 113325940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  18701049000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      6784132649                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   48539826                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     85753862                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             75223858                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              19654241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1315648                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      6418241                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    75223858                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     19654241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          154201326                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          56172842                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            27210082                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           14481510                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            57920339                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           23526859                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     20381241                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   13758445                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   6622796                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              6577424990.507475                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              206707658.492525                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.030469                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.969531                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          8712614                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               222955      0.26%      0.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 56086884     65.40%     65.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  245343      0.29%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                   843427      0.98%     66.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                7916184      9.23%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                  57876      0.07%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                13758445     16.04%     92.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                6622796      7.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  85753910                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      6787043994                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  643281960                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   1071750120                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            822035787                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             404635987                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   14949252                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     73041662                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   822035787                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    404635987                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         1727682533                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         558561527                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           642221278                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          330296288                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           616458344                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          237578890                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    268354786                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  198870064                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  69484722                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3896108921.878442                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2890935072.121558                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.425949                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.574051                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         98431930                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1418247      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                622933438     58.12%     58.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                 1881397      0.18%     58.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                  7384659      0.69%     59.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              169400314     15.81%     74.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                 377404      0.04%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               198870064     18.56%     93.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               69484722      6.48%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                1071750245                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      6785816044                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    3030217                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      6415890                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              6290053                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                   154                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     168828                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       515594                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     6290053                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                          154                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           12485070                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           5179781                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                 258                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                126                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             3902529                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            2002258                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1429468                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     894678                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    534790                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              6771431240.338483                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              14384803.661517                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.002120                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.997880                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           736700                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                99131      1.55%      1.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  4839311     75.43%     76.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   14271      0.22%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    33615      0.52%     77.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                    120      0.00%     77.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  894678     13.94%     91.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 534790      8.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   6415916                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      6793089473                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  838031704                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   1405339482                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses           1069752830                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses             541315390                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                   19643270                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     93593248                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                  1069752830                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                    541315390                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads         2282591777                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         729146769                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads           860540591                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes          445246800                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           783752657                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          294791760                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    359883493                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                  268163634                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  91719859                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              3065980681.309455                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              3727108791.690545                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.548662                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.451338                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                        126339200                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass              1970735      0.14%      0.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                807985799     57.49%     57.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                 2634514      0.19%     57.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                 11453567      0.82%     58.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd              220778590     15.71%     74.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     74.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                 632880      0.05%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead               268163634     19.08%     93.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               91719859      6.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                1405339578                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  803                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 803                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                4902                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               4902                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               105                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              105                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          190                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1762                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2730                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   11620                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           92                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          380                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          558                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4098                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          718                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3540                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4287                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          532                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           88                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3524                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4164                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          532                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3540                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    17033                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              3593000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                27496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              115000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             2244464                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             2354116                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             2250477                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             2362525                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              169410                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1999000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             2180500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             2123500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1982500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages         1432                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      5865472                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs         1432                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           45                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       184320                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           45                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples              282588673                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.085634                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.823114                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |   279564321     98.93%     98.93% |        8130      0.00%     98.93% |     3015571      1.07%    100.00% |         216      0.00%    100.00% |         402      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                282588673                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   2883934388                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000262                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2883934190    100.00%    100.00% |         198      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   2883934388                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     2883934388                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.370199                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.101329                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         2.317623                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  2883892587    100.00%    100.00% |       39622      0.00%    100.00% |         860      0.00%    100.00% |         629      0.00%    100.00% |         519      0.00%    100.00% |         161      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       2883934388                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2736266804                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2736266804    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2736266804                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples    147667584                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     8.229946                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.586206                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     7.436863                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |   147625783     99.97%     99.97% |       39622      0.03%    100.00% |         860      0.00%    100.00% |         629      0.00%    100.00% |         519      0.00%    100.00% |         161      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total    147667584                      
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits     17373178                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses      3008787                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses     20381965                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits     66919858                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses      1643266                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses     68563124                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits    232993499                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses     40425248                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses    273418747                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits    908092154                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses     24373193                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses    932465347                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits      1266019                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses       162838                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses      1428857                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits      3737983                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses       208572                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses      3946555                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits    312929559                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses     52243162                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses    365172721                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits   1192954554                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses     25602518                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses   1218557072                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits       4112300                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses       539753                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses      4652053                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits      52163041                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses     12635400                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses     64798441                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits        291522                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses        79888                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses       371410                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits      63784995                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses     14060685                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses     77845680                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits     27226148                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        89578                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses     27315726                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.028193                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0       539753                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2        18243                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1       551210                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1       509148                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2       490274                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        81656                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          637                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       395614                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0      4318024                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       145944                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     39687120                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4073184                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3922192                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5879232                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        45864                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3164912                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.633882                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0     12635400                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14653                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1     12639978                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1     11668459                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2     11658677                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1338844                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          442                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     10310157                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0    101083200                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       117224                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    910078416                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     93347672                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     93269416                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     96396768                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        31824                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     82481256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.004017                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0        79888                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20728                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1        89360                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1        40591                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::2        34638                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        10608                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          583                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9782                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0       639104                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       165824                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6433920                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       324728                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       277104                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       763776                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        41976                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        78256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.706656                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0     14060685                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13561                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1     14065412                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1     12913420                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::2     12903093                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1560424                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          185                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     11334153                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0    112485480                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       108488                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1012709664                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    103307360                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    103224744                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    112350528                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        13320                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     90673224                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     1.374212                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0     27382223                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2        44881                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1     27383602                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1     25145982                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2     25086682                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2991532                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         1847                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     22049706                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0    219057784                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       359048                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1971619344                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    201167856                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    200693456                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    215390304                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       132984                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    176397648                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.001764                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0        17862                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1        45917                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1        23171                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        24059                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0       142896                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3306024                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       185368                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       192472                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.001680                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0        16378                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1        43845                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1        20557                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23889                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0       131024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3156840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       164456                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       191112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.001665                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0        16215                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1        43438                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1        20317                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23758                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0       129720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3127536                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       162536                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       190064                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.001651                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0        16042                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1        43100                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19985                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23670                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0       128336                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3103200                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       159880                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       189360                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.003428                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1        92496                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        95376                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6659712                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       763008                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.183815                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0     27382223                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::2        67185                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::1     27499179                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::1     25180815                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2     25086682                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2991532                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         1847                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     22145082                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0    219057784                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       537480                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1979940888                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    201446520                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    200693456                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    215390304                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       132984                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    177160656                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        82146669                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       179251                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     82497537                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control    150802491                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      8980137                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     66443886                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        657173352                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      1434008                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   5939822664                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control   1206419928                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    646569864                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    531551088                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.039238                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        18243                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       534235                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       500232                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       145944                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     38464920                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4001856                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.017149                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       539753                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        16975                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         8916                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       490274                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        81656                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          637                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       395614                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      4318024                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1222200                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        71328                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3922192                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5879232                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        45864                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3164912                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.923487                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14653                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1     12632373                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1     11658516                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       117224                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    909530856                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     93268128                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.344278                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0     12635400                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         7605                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9943                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2     11658677                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1338844                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          442                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     10310157                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0    101083200                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       547560                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        79544                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     93269416                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     96396768                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        31824                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     82481256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005504                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20728                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        77749                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        26662                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       165824                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5597928                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       213296                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002530                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        79888                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11611                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        13929                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        34638                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        10608                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          583                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9782                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       639104                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       835992                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       111432                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       277104                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       763776                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        41976                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        78256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     1.027174                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13561                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1     14058079                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1     12903951                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       108488                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1012181688                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    103231608                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.386139                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0     14060685                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         7333                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9469                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2     12903093                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1560424                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          185                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     11334153                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0    112485480                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       527976                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        75752                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    103224744                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    112350528                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        13320                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     90673224                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.753093                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0     27315726                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        86940                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        58434                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2     25086682                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2991532                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         1847                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     22049706                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0    218525808                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6259680                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       467472                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    200693456                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    215390304                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       132984                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    176397648                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     1.995331                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        66497                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        44881                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1     27296662                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1     25087548                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       531976                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       359048                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1965359664                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    200700384                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000689                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        17862                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4716                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9119                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        24059                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       142896                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       339552                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        72952                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       192472                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002840                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        41201                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        14052                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2966472                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       112416                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000641                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        16378                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4298                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         8044                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23889                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       131024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       309456                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        64352                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       191112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002719                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        39547                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        12513                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2847384                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       100104                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000631                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        16215                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4185                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         7989                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23758                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       129720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       301320                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        63912                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       190064                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002699                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        39253                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        12328                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2826216                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        98624                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000623                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        16042                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4108                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         7868                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23670                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       128336                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       295776                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        62944                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       189360                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002680                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        38992                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        12117                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2807424                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        96936                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006153                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        92496                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6659712                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000703                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        95376                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       763008                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.link_utilization     0.039238                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        18243                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1       534235                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1       500232                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       145944                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     38464920                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4001856                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.link_utilization     0.923487                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14653                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1     12632373                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1     11658516                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       117224                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    909530856                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     93268128                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.link_utilization     0.005504                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20728                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        77749                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1        26662                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       165824                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5597928                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       213296                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.link_utilization     1.027174                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13561                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1     14058079                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1     12903951                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       108488                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1012181688                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    103231608                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.link_utilization     0.753093                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0     27315726                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        86940                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1        58434                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2     25086682                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2991532                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         1847                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     22049706                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0    218525808                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6259680                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       467472                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    200693456                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    215390304                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       132984                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    176397648                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.link_utilization     0.000689                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0        17862                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4716                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9119                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        24059                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0       142896                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       339552                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        72952                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       192472                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.link_utilization     0.000641                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0        16378                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4298                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1         8044                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23889                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0       131024                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       309456                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        64352                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       191112                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.link_utilization     0.000631                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Control::0        16215                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4185                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1         7989                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23758                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Control::0       129720                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       301320                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        63912                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       190064                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.link_utilization     0.000623                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Control::0        16042                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4108                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::1         7868                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23670                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Control::0       128336                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       295776                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        62944                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       189360                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.link_utilization     0.006153                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Data::1        92496                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6659712                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle14.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      77443646                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         0.309419                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        1.542999                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    74449744     96.13%     96.13% |        1406      0.00%     96.14% |     2991865      3.86%    100.00% |         203      0.00%    100.00% |         395      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        77443646                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples     200206602                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.001182                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.093085                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |   200170262     99.98%     99.98% |        5890      0.00%     99.98% |        2909      0.00%     99.99% |        3815      0.00%     99.99% |       23524      0.01%    100.00% |         182      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total       200206602                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       4938425                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000007                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.003711                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     4938408    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         4938425                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    489803925                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.267249                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.384271                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      4.249641                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   489768731     99.99%     99.99% |       33439      0.01%    100.00% |         723      0.00%    100.00% |         517      0.00%    100.00% |         396      0.00%    100.00% |         112      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     489803925                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    405988617                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   405988617    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    405988617                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     83815308                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     8.405610                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.687678                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     7.751024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    83780114     99.96%     99.96% |       33439      0.04%    100.00% |         723      0.00%    100.00% |         517      0.00%    100.00% |         396      0.00%    100.00% |         112      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     83815308                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    167552073                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.505922                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.142582                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      2.745415                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   167548923    100.00%    100.00% |        2892      0.00%    100.00% |          89      0.00%    100.00% |          70      0.00%    100.00% |          66      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     167552073                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    155623753                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   155623753    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    155623753                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     11928320                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     8.106470                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.503087                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     7.678982                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    11925170     99.97%     99.97% |        2892      0.02%    100.00% |          89      0.00%    100.00% |          70      0.00%    100.00% |          66      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     11928320                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   2223532098                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.162450                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.044378                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.478993                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  2223528928    100.00%    100.00% |        3014      0.00%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |          54      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   2223532098                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2171704549                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2171704549    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2171704549                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     51827549                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     7.969514                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.442314                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     6.812038                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |    51824379     99.99%     99.99% |        3014      0.01%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |          54      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     51827549                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1436104                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.466781                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.115440                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.091714                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1435955     99.99%     99.99% |          25      0.00%     99.99% |         120      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1436104                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1355462                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1355462    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1355462                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        80642                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     9.312616                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.997470                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    10.247276                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       80493     99.82%     99.82% |          25      0.03%     99.85% |         120      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        80642                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       805094                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.340000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.050547                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.758918                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      804900     99.98%     99.98% |          31      0.00%     99.98% |         157      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       805094                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       789329                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      789329    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       789329                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        15765                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    18.363273                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    12.406850                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    20.640162                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       15571     98.77%     98.77% |          31      0.20%     98.97% |         157      1.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           1      0.01%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           2      0.01%     99.98% |           2      0.01%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        15765                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       805094                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      805094    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       805094                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       805094                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      805094    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       805094                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       17862     26.86%     26.86% |       16378     24.63%     51.49% |       16215     24.38%     75.88% |       16042     24.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total        66497                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |        4716     27.25%     27.25% |        4298     24.83%     52.08% |        4185     24.18%     76.26% |        4108     23.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total        17307                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       41013     25.89%     25.89% |       39405     24.87%     50.76% |       39128     24.70%     75.46% |       38879     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       158425                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |        5407     26.94%     26.94% |        4989     24.86%     51.79% |        4876     24.29%     76.09% |        4800     23.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total        20072                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       23339     25.23%     25.23% |       23169     25.05%     50.28% |       23038     24.91%     75.19% |       22950     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        92496                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         720     25.00%     25.00% |         720     25.00%     50.00% |         720     25.00%     75.00% |         720     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2880                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |        9119     27.62%     27.62% |        8044     24.36%     51.98% |        7989     24.19%     76.17% |        7868     23.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        33020                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       17862     26.86%     26.86% |       16378     24.63%     51.49% |       16215     24.38%     75.88% |       16042     24.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total        66497                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |       23151     25.18%     25.18% |       23027     25.05%     50.23% |       22913     24.92%     75.16% |       22837     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        91928                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         691     24.99%     24.99% |         691     24.99%     49.98% |         691     24.99%     74.97% |         692     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2765                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |       23151     25.18%     25.18% |       23027     25.05%     50.23% |       22913     24.92%     75.16% |       22837     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total        91928                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         691     24.99%     24.99% |         691     24.99%     49.98% |         691     24.99%     74.97% |         692     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         2765                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |        4499     27.06%     27.06% |        4127     24.83%     51.89% |        4031     24.25%     76.14% |        3967     23.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total        16624                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         188     33.10%     33.10% |         142     25.00%     58.10% |         125     22.01%     80.11% |         113     19.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          568                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |          29     25.22%     25.22% |          29     25.22%     50.43% |          29     25.22%     75.65% |          28     24.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          115                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |        9119     27.62%     27.62% |        8044     24.36%     51.98% |        7989     24.19%     76.17% |        7868     23.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        33020                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       17862     26.86%     26.86% |       16378     24.63%     51.49% |       16215     24.38%     75.88% |       16042     24.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total        66497                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |        4499     27.06%     27.06% |        4127     24.83%     51.89% |        4031     24.25%     76.14% |        3967     23.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total        16624                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |         188     33.10%     33.10% |         142     25.00%     58.10% |         125     22.01%     80.11% |         113     19.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total          568                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |         188     33.10%     33.10% |         142     25.00%     58.10% |         125     22.01%     80.11% |         113     19.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          568                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |          29     25.22%     25.22% |          29     25.22%     50.43% |          29     25.22%     75.65% |          28     24.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          115                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |          29     25.22%     25.22% |          29     25.22%     50.43% |          29     25.22%     75.65% |          28     24.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          115                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       92496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        92496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       92496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          92496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       92496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        92496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       92496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        92496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2880                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |    13596551      2.78%      2.78% |   202986835     41.44%     44.22% |      831267      0.17%     44.39% |   272389272     55.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total    489803925                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    68563124      3.08%      3.08% |   932465347     41.94%     45.02% |     3946555      0.18%     45.20% |  1218557072     54.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   2223532098                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |     6785414      3.98%      3.98% |    70431912     41.29%     45.26% |      597590      0.35%     45.61% |    92783449     54.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total    170598365                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |      128183      2.63%      2.63% |     2136527     43.86%     46.49% |       56619      1.16%     47.65% |     2549911     52.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total      4871240                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |     4569781      3.16%      3.16% |    63499662     43.88%     47.04% |      361657      0.25%     47.29% |    76267471     52.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total    144698571                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |      261264      2.38%      2.38% |     4339736     39.54%     41.92% |      250433      2.28%     44.21% |     6123237     55.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total     10974670                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |     4390789      3.21%      3.21% |    60458705     44.23%     47.44% |      120977      0.09%     47.53% |    71722443     52.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total    136692914                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load    |     2497989      2.98%      2.98% |    35516614     42.37%     45.36% |      119507      0.14%     45.50% |    45681198     54.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     83815308                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |     1643266      3.17%      3.17% |    24373193     47.03%     50.20% |      208572      0.40%     50.60% |    25602518     49.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total     51827549                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store   |      506328      4.21%      4.21% |     4905941     40.84%     45.05% |       41386      0.34%     45.40% |     6559528     54.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store::total     12013183                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |       50363      2.63%      2.63% |      840439     43.92%     46.55% |       48804      2.55%     49.10% |      974164     50.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total      1913770                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      116059      1.16%      1.16% |     4170754     41.66%     42.82% |      123736      1.24%     44.06% |     5600846     55.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     10011395                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3651951      1.08%      1.08% |   122673590     36.15%     37.23% |     3595523      1.06%     38.29% |   209408406     61.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    339329470                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        4470     38.72%     38.72% |        2693     23.33%     62.05% |        1945     16.85%     78.90% |        2436     21.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        11544                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1929      0.58%      0.58% |      139204     42.21%     42.80% |        3138      0.95%     43.75% |      185490     56.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total       329761                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |      254869      2.40%      2.40% |     4197845     39.48%     41.87% |      245312      2.31%     44.18% |     5935334     55.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total     10633360                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     4911848      1.94%      1.94% |   103852872     40.93%     42.87% |      139082      0.05%     42.92% |   144828988     57.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total    253732790                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |    63267907      3.45%      3.45% |   785418564     42.86%     46.32% |      142460      0.01%     46.32% |   983546148     53.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total   1832375079                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |      294489      4.58%      4.58% |     2654838     41.27%     45.85% |       22915      0.36%     46.20% |     3460985     53.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      6433227                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |       60065      2.80%      2.80% |      948755     44.17%     46.97% |        1999      0.09%     47.06% |     1137179     52.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total      2147998                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |     3525441      3.04%      3.04% |    51946476     44.75%     47.78% |       52781      0.05%     47.83% |    60562267     52.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total    116086965                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     6070655      4.27%      4.27% |    59446595     41.79%     46.06% |      448942      0.32%     46.38% |    76278240     53.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    142244432                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     5980127      3.93%      3.93% |    62868440     41.32%     45.25% |      531344      0.35%     45.60% |    82760500     54.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total    152140411                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |       15826      3.30%      3.30% |      208129     43.39%     46.69% |        2678      0.56%     47.24% |      253078     52.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total       479711                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |      789471      4.39%      4.39% |     7355341     40.91%     45.30% |       63564      0.35%     45.66% |     9769870     54.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total     17978246                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data |      212464      2.56%      2.56% |     3130069     37.74%     40.30% |      201515      2.43%     42.73% |     4750308     57.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data::total      8294356                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive |     1430802      3.29%      3.29% |    21243124     48.80%     52.08% |        7057      0.02%     52.10% |    20852210     47.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive::total     43533193                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       48800      1.82%      1.82% |     1209667     45.13%     46.95% |       48918      1.83%     48.78% |     1372929     51.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      2680314                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |     2449189      3.02%      3.02% |    34306947     42.28%     45.30% |       70589      0.09%     45.39% |    44308269     54.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total     81134994                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |      506328      4.21%      4.21% |     4905941     40.84%     45.05% |       41386      0.34%     45.40% |     6559528     54.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total     12013183                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |        4470     38.72%     38.72% |        2693     23.33%     62.05% |        1945     16.85%     78.90% |        2436     21.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total        11544                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     4141255      3.05%      3.05% |    59889807     44.15%     47.21% |      328079      0.24%     47.45% |    71283716     52.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    135642857                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      510798      4.25%      4.25% |     4908634     40.82%     45.07% |       43331      0.36%     45.43% |     6561964     54.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     12024727                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |     4314912      3.22%      3.22% |    59301817     44.23%     47.45% |      116345      0.09%     47.54% |    70332137     52.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total    134065211                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |       15826      3.30%      3.30% |      208129     43.39%     46.69% |        2678      0.56%     47.24% |      253078     52.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total       479711                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        9553     21.66%     21.66% |       10385     23.55%     45.21% |       14512     32.90%     78.11% |        9654     21.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        44104                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |      247128      2.55%      2.55% |     4261802     43.93%     46.48% |      100242      1.03%     47.51% |     5092248     52.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      9701420                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |        9238     22.50%     22.50% |       11252     27.40%     49.90% |       12996     31.65%     81.55% |        7574     18.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        41060                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      528734      1.94%      1.94% |    12624913     46.29%     48.23% |       67725      0.25%     48.48% |    14052507     51.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     27273879                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         405     15.35%     15.35% |         931     35.29%     50.64% |         821     31.12%     81.77% |         481     18.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         2638                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        8285     40.53%     40.53% |        3337     16.32%     56.85% |        5395     26.39%     83.24% |        3426     16.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        20443                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        1628     39.82%     39.82% |         937     22.92%     62.74% |         412     10.08%     72.82% |        1111     27.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         4088                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      413340      1.80%      1.80% |    10691442     46.61%     48.41% |       18161      0.08%     48.49% |    11816271     51.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total     22939214                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        3922     19.19%     19.19% |        4781     23.39%     42.57% |        7959     38.93%     81.50% |        3781     18.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        20443                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      115345      2.66%      2.66% |     1935213     44.60%     47.26% |       51217      1.18%     48.44% |     2236916     51.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      4338691                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |      112357      2.56%      2.56% |     1928398     43.91%     46.47% |       53941      1.23%     47.70% |     2296833     52.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total      4391529                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       15816     51.44%     51.44% |        5551     18.05%     69.50% |        3721     12.10%     81.60% |        5657     18.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        30745                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        7146     41.12%     41.12% |        3964     22.81%     63.93% |        2551     14.68%     78.61% |        3717     21.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        17378                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      477270      1.91%      1.91% |    11649001     46.52%     48.43% |       20390      0.08%     48.51% |    12894577     51.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total     25041238                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      466741      1.85%      1.85% |    11672946     46.34%     48.19% |       71370      0.28%     48.48% |    12977644     51.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     25188701                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       67494      3.19%      3.19% |      959426     45.39%     48.58% |        6379      0.30%     48.89% |     1080435     51.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      2113734                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |        4406     24.08%     24.08% |        3925     21.45%     45.54% |        5142     28.11%     73.64% |        4822     26.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total        18295                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      204307      2.34%      2.34% |     3357344     38.51%     40.85% |      196083      2.25%     43.10% |     4961109     56.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      8718843                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        4579     37.64%     37.64% |        2912     23.94%     61.58% |        2117     17.40%     78.99% |        2556     21.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        12164                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |       50682      2.27%      2.27% |      975090     43.74%     46.02% |       46869      2.10%     48.12% |     1156479     51.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      2229120                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |        1610     11.17%     11.17% |        4553     31.59%     42.77% |        5073     35.20%     77.97% |        3175     22.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        14411                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |        3556     56.09%     56.09% |         888     14.01%     70.09% |        1141     18.00%     88.09% |         755     11.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total         6340                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |         939     83.32%     83.32% |         116     10.29%     93.61% |          22      1.95%     95.56% |          50      4.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total         1127                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |        4509     18.83%     18.83% |        6004     25.08%     43.91% |        8787     36.70%     80.60% |        4644     19.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total        23944                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |       51464      2.31%      2.31% |      975912     43.71%     46.02% |       47335      2.12%     48.14% |     1157930     51.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total      2232641                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |      375107      1.70%      1.70% |    10318097     46.75%     48.45% |       17038      0.08%     48.53% |    11361095     51.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total     22071337                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |       38125      4.40%      4.40% |      373180     43.02%     47.42% |        1014      0.12%     47.54% |      455078     52.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       867397                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |         116     23.58%     23.58% |         164     33.33%     56.91% |         144     29.27%     86.18% |          68     13.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          492                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv    |           1      5.88%      5.88% |          13     76.47%     82.35% |           0      0.00%     82.35% |           3     17.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv::total           17                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |       37936      4.39%      4.39% |      372053     43.03%     47.42% |         936      0.11%     47.52% |      453732     52.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total       864657                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           2     18.18%     18.18% |           3     27.27%     45.45% |           2     18.18%     63.64% |           4     36.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |          60     18.93%     18.93% |         110     34.70%     53.63% |         101     31.86%     85.49% |          46     14.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total          317                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |     3939805      3.52%      3.52% |    48983720     43.74%     47.26% |       99307      0.09%     47.34% |    58971042     52.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total    111993874                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |       34757      1.98%      1.98% |      782631     44.61%     46.60% |        2238      0.13%     46.72% |      934567     53.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      1754193                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |        2893     51.41%     51.41% |         909     16.15%     67.57% |        1281     22.77%     90.33% |         544      9.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         5627                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |     3466651      3.41%      3.41% |    44858629     44.10%     47.50% |       59485      0.06%     47.56% |    53344208     52.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total    101728973                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |      437786      4.42%      4.42% |     3946180     39.87%     44.29% |       34813      0.35%     44.64% |     5478923     55.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total      9897702                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |         637     34.49%     34.49% |         442     23.93%     58.42% |         583     31.56%     89.98% |         185     10.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total         1847                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |      439334      1.82%      1.82% |    11276948     46.64%     48.46% |       19454      0.08%     48.54% |    12440845     51.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total     24176581                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         403     15.34%     15.34% |         928     35.33%     50.67% |         819     31.18%     81.84% |         477     18.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         2627                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        8225     40.87%     40.87% |        3227     16.03%     56.90% |        5294     26.30%     83.21% |        3380     16.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        20126                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      413340      1.80%      1.80% |    10691442     46.61%     48.41% |       18161      0.08%     48.49% |    11816271     51.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total     22939214                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        3922     19.19%     19.19% |        4781     23.39%     42.57% |        7959     38.93%     81.50% |        3781     18.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        20443                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       49479      2.22%      2.22% |      976723     43.82%     46.04% |       45250      2.03%     48.07% |     1157592     51.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total      2229044                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        1628     39.82%     39.82% |         937     22.92%     62.74% |         412     10.08%     72.82% |        1111     27.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         4088                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       65866      3.12%      3.12% |      958490     45.43%     48.56% |        5967      0.28%     48.84% |     1079324     51.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      2109647                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |       15816     51.44%     51.44% |        5551     18.05%     69.50% |        3721     12.10%     81.60% |        5657     18.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        30745                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        7146     41.12%     41.12% |        3964     22.81%     63.93% |        2551     14.68%     78.61% |        3717     21.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total        17378                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      477270      1.91%      1.91% |    11649001     46.52%     48.43% |       20390      0.08%     48.51% |    12894577     51.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total     25041238                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       50682      2.27%      2.27% |      975090     43.74%     46.02% |       46869      2.10%     48.12% |     1156479     51.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      2229120                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        1610     11.17%     11.17% |        4553     31.59%     42.77% |        5073     35.20%     77.97% |        3175     22.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        14411                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |       52292      2.33%      2.33% |      979643     43.67%     46.00% |       51942      2.32%     48.31% |     1159654     51.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total      2243531                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |         242      8.38%      8.38% |        1165     40.35%     48.74% |         119      4.12%     52.86% |        1361     47.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total         2887                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       38125      4.40%      4.40% |      373180     43.02%     47.42% |        1014      0.12%     47.54% |      455078     52.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       867397                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         116     23.58%     23.58% |         164     33.33%     56.91% |         144     29.27%     86.18% |          68     13.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          492                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |       37999      4.39%      4.39% |      372179     43.03%     47.42% |        1039      0.12%     47.54% |      453785     52.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total       865002                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |       15584      3.27%      3.27% |      206964     43.40%     46.67% |        2559      0.54%     47.21% |      251717     52.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total       476824                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       34757      1.98%      1.98% |      782631     44.61%     46.60% |        2238      0.13%     46.72% |      934567     53.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      1754193                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        2893     51.41%     51.41% |         909     16.15%     67.57% |        1281     22.77%     90.33% |         544      9.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         5627                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |       22066      1.72%      1.72% |      576576     44.94%     46.66% |         960      0.07%     46.73% |      683394     53.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total      1282996                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS       25188738      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        2113737      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE        13291      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX       25041238      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement        16148      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean        33496      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data         66497      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack          50327      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          12347      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean         9943      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack               4849      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all           2575      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          20443      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock     25066239      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv           1366      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS        56656      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX         9841      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS      2229044      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         4088      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE        13290      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          428      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean         2063      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.MEM_Inv           67      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS     22882558      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX      2097168      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement        15091      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean        30348      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv          466      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        20443      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         2638      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX     25041238      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement          629      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean         1085      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv          150      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack        50327      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv          466      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data          749      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean           30      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv          150      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data          476      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean          592      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all           17      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack           4224      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all         2063      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            625      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          495      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.MEM_Inv           67      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data        56656      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data         9841      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           27      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        17378      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock     25048861      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data        11120      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean         9320      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        20440      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.423380                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3423380342000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               56574349508501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 110662                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   185728                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              244794082                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2107688                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 13984.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1547582691                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2597357687                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3929216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           3929216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0       731968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         731968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        61394                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              61394                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        11437                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             11437                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1147759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              1147759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0       213814                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              213814                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1361574                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             1361574                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      61394                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     11437                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    61394                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   11437                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               3892608                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  36608                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 727040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                3929216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              731968                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   572                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   84                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             5876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             4965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             2274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             2256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             2618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             2290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             4816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             5314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             4950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            2470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            2469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            2643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            2492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            5260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            5331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2              582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4              964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             1000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9              483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10             454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11             707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14             843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15             762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 3423380726500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                61394                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               11437                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  60510                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    309                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                   700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                   699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                   700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                   698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                   706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                   698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                   697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                   697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                   697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                   697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                   697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                   698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                   698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                   698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                   698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                   699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        25957                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   177.973109                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.308149                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   244.722516                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        16142     62.19%     62.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5381     20.73%     82.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1327      5.11%     88.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          594      2.29%     90.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          375      1.44%     91.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          384      1.48%     93.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          247      0.95%     94.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          215      0.83%     95.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1292      4.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        25957                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          698                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     93.143266                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   479.389505                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          692     99.14%     99.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            2      0.29%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            1      0.14%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      0.14%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      0.14%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      0.14%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          698                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          698                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.275072                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.257965                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.781040                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16             613     87.82%     87.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      0.14%     87.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18              68      9.74%     97.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              13      1.86%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      0.14%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               2      0.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          698                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   533801990                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             1674214490                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 304110000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     8776.46                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               27526.46                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        1.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     1.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.19                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   41316                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   4909                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                67.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               43.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                  47004444.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   64.05                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy               102793320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                56087625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              252930600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy              39372480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        223878791760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         93572395290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1974521564250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2292423935325                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           668.799287                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3282630880750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 114314200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  26435456750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy               106255800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                57976875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              254287800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy              34240320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        223878791760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         94451568705                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1973750359500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2292533480760                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           668.831246                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3281052744000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 114314200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  28013593500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3811072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           3811072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1       701120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         701120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        59548                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              59548                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        10955                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             10955                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1113248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              1113248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1       204803                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total              204803                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1318052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             1318052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      59548                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     10955                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    59548                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   10955                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               3784320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  26752                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 699328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                3811072                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              701120                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   418                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                   39                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             5685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             2144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             2153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             2481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             4726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             5185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             4937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            2295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            2415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            2521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            2432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            5223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            5169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4              942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             1004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8              573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9              474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10             433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11             685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14             821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15             704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 3423379263000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                59548                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               10955                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  58813                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    312                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                   669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                   669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                   671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                   669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                   675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                   669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                   669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                   669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                   668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                   668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                   669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                   668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                   668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                   669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                   669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                   669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        24692                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   181.583023                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.512724                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   249.302315                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        15280     61.88%     61.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5052     20.46%     82.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1313      5.32%     87.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          547      2.22%     89.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          377      1.53%     91.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          371      1.50%     92.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          254      1.03%     93.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          205      0.83%     94.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1293      5.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        24692                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          669                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     94.672646                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   511.357939                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          663     99.10%     99.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            2      0.30%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047            1      0.15%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      0.15%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      0.15%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      0.15%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          669                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          669                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.333333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.313438                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.841181                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16             569     85.05%     85.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17               2      0.30%     85.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18              81     12.11%     97.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              13      1.94%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               2      0.30%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               2      0.30%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          669                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   517357487                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             1626044987                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 295650000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     8749.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               27499.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        1.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     1.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   40450                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   4915                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                68.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               45.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  48556504.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   64.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                97486200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                53191875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              245325600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy              38031120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        223878791760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         93224536830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1974826703250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2292364066635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           668.781821                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3283154561000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 114314200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  25910502000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy               102165840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                55745250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              248726400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy              32775840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        223878791760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         93964169970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1974177902250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2292460277310                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           668.809890                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3281841322500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 114314200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  27225015000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3794944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           3794944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2       692480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total         692480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        59296                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              59296                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        10820                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             10820                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1108537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              1108537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2       202280                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total              202280                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1310817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total             1310817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      59296                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     10820                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    59296                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   10820                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               3776320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  18624                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                 691584                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                3794944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys              692480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   291                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                   24                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             5668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             4795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             2054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             2157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             2486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             2175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             4778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             4719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             5212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             4907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            2286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            2357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            2551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            2407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            5202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            5251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0              741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1              632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2              460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3              733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4              916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5              485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             1004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7              775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8              584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9              463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10             413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11             680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12             796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13             561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14             842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15             721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 3423375336500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                59296                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               10820                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  58678                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    326                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                   105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                   111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                   660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                   661                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                   666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                   662                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                   666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                   660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                   660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                   660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                   660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                   660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                   660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                   660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                   660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                   662                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                   661                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                   661                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        24435                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   182.851156                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.226612                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   249.949175                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        15054     61.61%     61.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4952     20.27%     81.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1400      5.73%     87.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511          560      2.29%     89.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          366      1.50%     91.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          363      1.49%     92.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          251      1.03%     93.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          178      0.73%     94.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1311      5.37%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        24435                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples          661                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     95.593041                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   562.823033                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          656     99.24%     99.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            1      0.15%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071            2      0.30%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      0.15%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            1      0.15%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total          661                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples          661                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.347958                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.328960                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.814611                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16             555     83.96%     83.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      0.15%     84.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18              87     13.16%     97.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19              17      2.57%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      0.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total          661                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   500554234                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             1606897984                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 295025000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                     8483.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               27233.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        1.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     1.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   40456                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                   4920                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                68.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               45.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                  48824452.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   65.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                95966640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                52362750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy              244241400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy              37234080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        223878791760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy         92990597715                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        1975031913000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          2292331107345                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           668.772205                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3283440773000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF 114314200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  25620630500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy               101508120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                55386375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy              248648400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy              32788800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        223878791760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy         94140578700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        1974023157750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          2292480859905                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           668.815894                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3281522821750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF 114314200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  27543515750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3767168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           3767168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3       676416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         676416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        58862                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              58862                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        10569                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             10569                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1100423                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              1100423                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3       197587                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total              197587                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1298011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total             1298011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      58862                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     10569                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    58862                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   10569                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               3753088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  14080                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                 675200                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                3767168                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys              676416                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   220                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                   14                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             5685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             4646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             2075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             2094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             2471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             2177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             4719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             4747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             5196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             4885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            2368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            2271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            2537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            2446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            5177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            5148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0              723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1              610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2              475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3              704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4              924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5              477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6              976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7              772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8              537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9              425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10             432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11             651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12             793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13             559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14             806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15             686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 3423375366000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                58862                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               10569                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  58334                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                   647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                   647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                   652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                   648                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                   652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                   648                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                   649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                   649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                   648                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                   648                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                   649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                   647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                   648                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                   647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                   647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                   647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        23851                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   185.667351                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.212376                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   253.096994                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        14641     61.39%     61.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4798     20.12%     81.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1354      5.68%     87.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511          547      2.29%     89.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          368      1.54%     91.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          392      1.64%     92.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          257      1.08%     93.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          194      0.81%     94.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1300      5.45%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        23851                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples          647                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     97.038640                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   514.557756                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          640     98.92%     98.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            3      0.46%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047            1      0.15%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      0.15%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      0.15%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      0.15%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total          647                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples          647                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.306028                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.287976                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.798030                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16             558     86.24%     86.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17               2      0.31%     86.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18              70     10.82%     97.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19              13      2.01%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20               3      0.46%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total          647                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   490984239                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             1590521739                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 293210000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                     8372.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               27122.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        1.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     1.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.11                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   40415                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                   4926                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                68.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               46.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                  49306150.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   65.52                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                93804480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                51183000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy              242447400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy              36683280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        223878791760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy         92754857115                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        1975238703000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          2292296470035                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           668.762100                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3283779204750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF 114314200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  25282495750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                99141840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                54095250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy              247486200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy              31680720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        223878791760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy         93742229925                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        1974372586500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          2292426012195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           668.799893                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3282102200250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF 114314200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  26964137250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      6847458278                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   51237604                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     90787764                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             80208998                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              19670334                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1404594                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      6824238                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    80208998                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     19670334                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          164036155                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          60150013                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            27236205                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           14494235                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            60610832                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           25317399                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     21480935                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   14388213                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   7092722                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              6627112298.001691                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              220345979.998309                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.032179                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.967821                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          9271946                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               241370      0.27%      0.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 59983943     66.07%     66.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  248428      0.27%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                   847311      0.93%     67.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                7928212      8.73%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                  57876      0.06%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                14388213     15.85%     92.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                7092722      7.81%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  90788123                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      6847035594                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  651688807                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   1088011233                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            837186422                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             405981785                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   15219467                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     74141349                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   837186422                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    405981785                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         1758197237                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         570467741                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           644380637                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          331448174                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           624909236                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          242464369                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    272115617                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  201010119                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  71105498                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3914308576.391666                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2932727017.608334                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.428321                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.571679                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         99937601                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1496369      0.14%      0.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                634326530     58.30%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                 1886315      0.17%     58.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                  7385633      0.68%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              170423652     15.66%     74.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     74.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                 377404      0.03%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               201010119     18.47%     93.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               71105498      6.54%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                1088011536                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      6846760712                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    4246294                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      8753410                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              8586630                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3262                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     233930                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       681541                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     8586630                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                         3262                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           17201938                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           7017779                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                5319                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes               2571                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             5064350                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            2749578                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      2004781                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    1247390                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    757391                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              6825035492.957160                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              21725219.042839                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.003173                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.996827                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           987516                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               111700      1.28%      1.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  6583670     75.21%     76.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   15678      0.18%     76.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    35350      0.40%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                   2462      0.03%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 1247390     14.25%     91.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 757391      8.65%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   8753641                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      6849186301                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  838833503                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   1406870985                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses           1071255698                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses             541323298                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                   19682393                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     93703901                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                  1071255698                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                    541323298                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads         2285661419                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         730347624                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads           860553465                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes          445253084                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           784537462                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          295279050                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    360261015                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                  268394619                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  91866396                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              3118879210.910018                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              3730307090.089982                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.544635                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.455365                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                        126502942                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass              1980292      0.14%      0.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                809122575     57.51%     57.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                 2635809      0.19%     57.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                 11454108      0.81%     58.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd              220784526     15.69%     74.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     74.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                 632880      0.04%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead               268394619     19.08%     93.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               91866396      6.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                1406871237                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 5503                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                5503                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                6853                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               6853                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               210                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              210                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           90                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           88                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           88                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           88                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1070                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          156                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         9976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1838                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        12924                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   25132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          180                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          708                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          604                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          225                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3708                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4889                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          724                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          235                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3788                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5107                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          532                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         4988                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3676                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         9528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          532                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          452                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          719                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3716                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5459                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    25691                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              3673000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy               585482                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             7929500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             2398455                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             2539606                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             2393473                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             2511020                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              284408                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             2631500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             2818500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy            10830500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             3476000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages         1432                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      5865472                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs         1432                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           47                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       192512                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           47                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples              567474006                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.086544                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.827621                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |   561338002     98.92%     98.92% |       19463      0.00%     98.92% |     6113846      1.08%    100.00% |         807      0.00%    100.00% |        1732      0.00%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |         117      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                567474006                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   5791909275                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000441                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  5791908149    100.00%    100.00% |        1126      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   5791909275                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     5791909275                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.371721                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.101259                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         2.384705                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  5791799379    100.00%    100.00% |      102966      0.00%    100.00% |        2592      0.00%    100.00% |        2077      0.00%    100.00% |        1656      0.00%    100.00% |         571      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       5791909275                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   5495704709                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  5495704709    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   5495704709                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples    296204566                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     8.268545                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.593203                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     7.814651                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |   296094670     99.96%     99.96% |      102966      0.03%    100.00% |        2592      0.00%    100.00% |        2077      0.00%    100.00% |        1656      0.00%    100.00% |         571      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total    296204566                      
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits     18363191                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses      3128541                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses     21491732                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits     70400250                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses      1732893                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses     72133143                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits    236510629                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses     40680124                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses    277190753                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits    919881070                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses     24572945                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses    944454015                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits      1773480                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses       230127                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses      2003607                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits      5277521                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses       261661                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses      5539182                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits    313263962                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses     52289469                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses    365553431                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits   1193967802                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses     25641222                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses   1219609024                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits       4248009                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses       613425                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses      4861434                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits      52493800                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses     12759269                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses     65253069                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits        372159                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses       119629                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses       491788                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits      63839813                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses     14090878                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses     77930691                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits     27405740                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses       177461                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses     27583201                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            76                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.031949                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0       613425                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21202                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1       625806                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1       566986                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2       547208                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       103574                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          948                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       428135                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0      4907400                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       169616                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     45058032                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4535888                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      4377664                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      7457328                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        68256                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3425080                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.635260                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0     12759269                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21104                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1     12767609                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1     11779635                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2     11768947                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1372759                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          545                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     10381818                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0    102074152                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       168832                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    919267848                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     94237080                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     94151576                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     98838648                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        39240                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     83054544                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.006183                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0       119629                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2        24551                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1       130807                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1        70427                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::2        63974                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        22903                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          863                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23561                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0       957032                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       196408                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9418104                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       563416                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       511792                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1649016                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        62136                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       188488                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.702281                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0     14090878                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2        19108                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1     14099038                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1     12937437                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::2     12926121                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1568655                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          632                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     11345472                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0    112727024                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       152864                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1015130736                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    103499496                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    103408968                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    112943160                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        45504                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     90763776                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     1.380830                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0     27730373                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2        58815                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1     27750805                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1     25498906                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2     25306250                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3067891                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2988                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     22178986                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0    221842984                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       470520                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1998057960                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    203991248                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    202450000                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    220888152                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       215136                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    177431888                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.002818                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0        38243                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1        72298                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1        57919                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        24093                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0       305944                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5205456                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       463352                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       192744                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.002722                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0        36521                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1        69922                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1        54887                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23921                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0       292168                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5034384                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       439096                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       191368                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.002707                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0        36383                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1        69518                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1        54711                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23790                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0       291064                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5005296                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       437688                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       190320                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.002680                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0        36025                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1        68820                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1        54186                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23702                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0       288200                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4955040                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       433488                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       189616                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.003399                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1        92498                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        95506                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6659856                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       764048                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.184729                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0     27730373                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::2        85965                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::1     27873592                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::1     25537547                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2     25306250                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3067891                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2988                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     22274492                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0    221842984                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       687720                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   2006898624                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    204300376                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    202450000                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    220888152                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       215136                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    178195936                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        83191119                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       230745                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     83620713                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control    152531391                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      9212637                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     66832500                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        665528952                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      1845960                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   6020691336                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control   1220251128                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    663309864                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    534660000                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.044131                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21202                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       607291                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       556286                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       169616                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     43724952                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4450288                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.019767                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       613425                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        18515                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        10700                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       547208                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       103574                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          948                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       428135                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      4907400                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1333080                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        85600                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      4377664                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      7457328                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        68256                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3425080                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.924418                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21104                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1     12755366                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1     11766030                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       168832                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    918386352                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     94128240                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.346102                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0     12759269                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        12243                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        13605                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2     11768947                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1372759                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          545                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     10381818                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0    102074152                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       881496                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       108840                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     94151576                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     98838648                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        39240                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     83054544                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.008253                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        24551                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       116806                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        54266                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       196408                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8410032                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       434128                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004113                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       119629                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14001                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        16161                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        63974                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        22903                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          863                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23561                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       957032                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1008072                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       129288                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       511792                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1649016                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        62136                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       188488                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     1.020424                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        19108                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1     14087522                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1     12925152                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       152864                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1014301584                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    103401216                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.384138                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0     14090878                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11516                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        12285                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2     12926121                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1568655                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          632                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     11345472                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0    112727024                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       829152                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        98280                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    103408968                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    112943160                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        45504                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     90763776                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.762485                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0     27583201                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       173221                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       145748                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2     25306250                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3067891                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2988                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     22178986                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0    220665608                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12471912                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1165984                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    202450000                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    220888152                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       215136                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    177431888                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     1.999175                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       147172                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        58815                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1     27577584                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1     25353158                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1177376                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       470520                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1985586048                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    202825264                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.001331                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        38243                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10714                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        23493                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        24093                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       305944                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       771408                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       187944                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       192744                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004304                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        61584                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        34426                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4434048                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       275408                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.001276                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        36521                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10232                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        22242                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23921                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       292168                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       736704                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       177936                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       191368                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004167                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        59690                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        32645                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4297680                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       261160                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.001265                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        36383                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10097                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        22230                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23790                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       291064                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       726984                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       177840                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       190320                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004148                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        59421                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        32481                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4278312                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       259848                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.001245                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        36025                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9845                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        22100                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23702                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       288200                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       708840                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       176800                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       189616                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004116                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        58975                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        32086                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4246200                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       256688                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006101                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        92498                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6659856                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000697                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        95506                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       764048                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.link_utilization     0.044131                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21202                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1       607291                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1       556286                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       169616                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     43724952                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4450288                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.link_utilization     0.924418                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21104                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1     12755366                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1     11766030                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       168832                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    918386352                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     94128240                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.link_utilization     0.008253                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2        24551                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1       116806                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1        54266                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       196408                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8410032                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       434128                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.link_utilization     1.020424                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2        19108                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1     14087522                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1     12925152                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       152864                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1014301584                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    103401216                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.link_utilization     0.762485                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0     27583201                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1       173221                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1       145748                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2     25306250                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3067891                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2988                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     22178986                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0    220665608                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12471912                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1165984                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    202450000                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    220888152                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       215136                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    177431888                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.link_utilization     0.001331                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0        38243                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10714                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1        23493                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        24093                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0       305944                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       771408                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       187944                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       192744                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.link_utilization     0.001276                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0        36521                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10232                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1        22242                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23921                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0       292168                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       736704                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       177936                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       191368                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.link_utilization     0.001265                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Control::0        36383                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10097                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1        22230                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23790                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Control::0       291064                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       726984                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       177840                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       190320                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.link_utilization     0.001245                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Control::0        36025                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9845                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::1        22100                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23702                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Control::0       288200                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       708840                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       176800                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       189616                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.link_utilization     0.006101                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Data::1        92498                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6659856                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle14.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples     155579974                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         0.312165                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        1.550018                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |   149513838     96.10%     96.10% |        4035      0.00%     96.10% |     6059501      3.89%    100.00% |         753      0.00%    100.00% |        1691      0.00%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |         117      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total       155579974                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples     401934260                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.001355                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.099691                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |   401850209     99.98%     99.98% |       14183      0.00%     99.98% |        6621      0.00%     99.98% |        8807      0.00%     99.99% |       53847      0.01%    100.00% |         498      0.00%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total       401934260                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       9959772                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000007                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.003855                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     9959735    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         9959772                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    982848232                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.273167                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.384023                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      4.389298                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   982762906     99.99%     99.99% |       80049      0.01%    100.00% |        2011      0.00%    100.00% |        1642      0.00%    100.00% |        1209      0.00%    100.00% |         392      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     982848232                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    814853401                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   814853401    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    814853401                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples    167994831                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     8.448620                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.695051                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.167994                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |   167909505     99.95%     99.95% |       80049      0.05%    100.00% |        2011      0.00%    100.00% |        1642      0.00%    100.00% |        1209      0.00%    100.00% |         392      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total    167994831                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    337526374                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.511386                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.142372                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      2.936203                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   337514924    100.00%    100.00% |       10461      0.00%    100.00% |         361      0.00%    100.00% |         262      0.00%    100.00% |         242      0.00%    100.00% |         116      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     337526374                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    313564612                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   313564612    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    313564612                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     23961762                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     8.203411                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.520451                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.557712                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    23950312     99.95%     99.95% |       10461      0.04%    100.00% |         361      0.00%    100.00% |         262      0.00%    100.00% |         242      0.00%    100.00% |         116      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     23961762                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   4465267462                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.162773                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.044374                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.497542                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  4465255481    100.00%    100.00% |       11371      0.00%    100.00% |         198      0.00%    100.00% |         156      0.00%    100.00% |         192      0.00%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   4465267462                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   4361231192                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  4361231192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   4361231192                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples    104036270                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     7.986252                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.446191                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     6.970212                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |   104024289     99.99%     99.99% |       11371      0.01%    100.00% |         198      0.00%    100.00% |         156      0.00%    100.00% |         192      0.00%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total    104036270                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      2975495                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.489983                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.119174                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.410132                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     2974985     99.98%     99.98% |          94      0.00%     99.99% |         398      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      2975495                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2803552                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2803552    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      2803552                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       171943                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     9.479223                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     7.017460                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    11.554196                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      171433     99.70%     99.70% |          94      0.05%     99.76% |         398      0.23%     99.99% |           2      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       171943                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1645856                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.460851                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.063213                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     5.117562                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |     1645133     99.96%     99.96% |         685      0.04%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1645856                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1606096                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1606096    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1606096                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        39760                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    20.076836                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    12.645540                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    26.999805                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       39037     98.18%     98.18% |         685      1.72%     99.90% |          14      0.04%     99.94% |          12      0.03%     99.97% |          10      0.03%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        39760                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1645856                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1645856    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total      1645856                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1645856                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1645856    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1645856                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       38243     25.99%     25.99% |       36521     24.82%     50.80% |       36383     24.72%     75.52% |       36025     24.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       147172                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       10714     26.20%     26.20% |       10232     25.02%     51.23% |       10097     24.69%     75.92% |        9845     24.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total        40888                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       61394     25.68%     25.68% |       59548     24.91%     50.58% |       59296     24.80%     75.38% |       58862     24.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       239100                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       11437     26.12%     26.12% |       10955     25.02%     51.15% |       10820     24.71%     75.86% |       10569     24.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total        43781                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       23341     25.23%     25.23% |       23169     25.05%     50.28% |       23038     24.91%     75.19% |       22950     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        92498                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         752     25.00%     25.00% |         752     25.00%     50.00% |         752     25.00%     75.00% |         752     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         3008                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       23493     26.08%     26.08% |       22242     24.70%     50.78% |       22230     24.68%     75.46% |       22100     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        90065                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       38243     25.99%     25.99% |       36521     24.82%     50.80% |       36383     24.72%     75.52% |       36025     24.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       147172                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |       23151     25.18%     25.18% |       23027     25.05%     50.23% |       22913     24.92%     75.16% |       22837     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        91928                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         723     24.99%     24.99% |         723     24.99%     49.98% |         723     24.99%     74.97% |         724     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2893                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |       23151     25.18%     25.18% |       23027     25.05%     50.23% |       22913     24.92%     75.16% |       22837     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total        91928                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         723     24.99%     24.99% |         723     24.99%     49.98% |         723     24.99%     74.97% |         724     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         2893                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       10495     26.11%     26.11% |       10061     25.03%     51.13% |        9943     24.73%     75.86% |        9704     24.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total        40203                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         190     33.33%     33.33% |         142     24.91%     58.25% |         125     21.93%     80.18% |         113     19.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          570                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |          29     25.22%     25.22% |          29     25.22%     50.43% |          29     25.22%     75.65% |          28     24.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          115                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       23493     26.08%     26.08% |       22242     24.70%     50.78% |       22230     24.68%     75.46% |       22100     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        90065                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       38243     25.99%     25.99% |       36521     24.82%     50.80% |       36383     24.72%     75.52% |       36025     24.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       147172                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       10495     26.11%     26.11% |       10061     25.03%     51.13% |        9943     24.73%     75.86% |        9704     24.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total        40203                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |         190     33.33%     33.33% |         142     24.91%     58.25% |         125     21.93%     80.18% |         113     19.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total          570                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |         190     33.33%     33.33% |         142     24.91%     58.25% |         125     21.93%     80.18% |         113     19.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          570                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |          29     25.22%     25.22% |          29     25.22%     50.43% |          29     25.22%     75.65% |          28     24.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          115                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |          29     25.22%     25.22% |          29     25.22%     50.43% |          29     25.22%     75.65% |          28     24.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          115                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       92498    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        92498                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       92498    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          92498                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       92498    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        92498                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       92498    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        92498                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         3008                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |    14211330      2.88%      2.88% |   205056345     41.59%     44.47% |     1165447      0.24%     44.71% |   272611185     55.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total    493044307                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    72133143      3.22%      3.22% |   944454015     42.13%     45.35% |     5539182      0.25%     45.60% |  1219609024     54.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   2241735364                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |     7280402      4.20%      4.20% |    72134408     41.65%     45.85% |      838160      0.48%     46.34% |    92942246     53.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total    173195216                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |      147392      2.99%      2.99% |     2159692     43.76%     46.75% |       69112      1.40%     48.15% |     2559186     51.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total      4935382                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |     4775223      3.28%      3.28% |    63943964     43.93%     47.21% |      479214      0.33%     47.54% |    76349645     52.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total    145548046                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |      330435      2.95%      2.95% |     4394719     39.30%     42.25% |      300894      2.69%     44.94% |     6156769     55.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total     11182817                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |     4530999      3.30%      3.30% |    60858350     44.31%     47.61% |      190894      0.14%     47.75% |    71773922     52.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total    137354165                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load    |     2587001      3.07%      3.07% |    35710417     42.42%     45.49% |      167029      0.20%     45.69% |    45715076     54.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     84179523                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |     1732893      3.32%      3.32% |    24572945     47.07%     50.39% |      261661      0.50%     50.89% |    25641222     49.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total     52208721                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store   |      536519      4.42%      4.42% |     4966435     40.93%     45.35% |       60749      0.50%     45.85% |     6571392     54.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store::total     12135095                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |       66205      3.38%      3.38% |      853858     43.56%     46.94% |       58889      3.00%     49.94% |      981135     50.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total      1960087                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      149358      1.48%      1.48% |     4204462     41.52%     43.00% |      156863      1.55%     44.55% |     5614597     55.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     10125280                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     5784041      1.68%      1.68% |   124038040     36.01%     37.69% |     4686198      1.36%     39.05% |   209976736     60.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    344485015                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        5021     36.80%     36.80% |        3272     23.98%     60.79% |        2349     17.22%     78.00% |        3001     22.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        13643                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        3372      1.01%      1.01% |      140819     42.05%     43.05% |        4378      1.31%     44.36% |      186338     55.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total       334907                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |      322049      2.97%      2.97% |     4250627     39.23%     42.21% |      294151      2.72%     44.92% |     5967427     55.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total     10834254                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     5136314      2.02%      2.02% |   104479947     41.01%     43.03% |      237930      0.09%     43.12% |   144905424     56.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total    254759615                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |    64616209      3.50%      3.50% |   795843030     43.13%     46.64% |      591323      0.03%     46.67% |   983991066     53.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total   1845041628                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |      316634      4.86%      4.86% |     2693513     41.36%     46.23% |       33524      0.51%     46.74% |     3468098     53.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      6511769                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |       61273      2.84%      2.84% |      954948     44.28%     47.12% |        2571      0.12%     47.24% |     1137772     52.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total      2156564                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |     3611539      3.10%      3.10% |    52240183     44.83%     47.93% |       91715      0.08%     48.00% |    60593658     52.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total    116537095                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     6338657      4.40%      4.40% |    60661519     42.13%     46.53% |      603625      0.42%     46.95% |    76376088     53.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    143979889                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     6422228      4.16%      4.16% |    64471188     41.72%     45.88% |      741538      0.48%     46.36% |    82899755     53.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total    154534709                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |       16541      3.42%      3.42% |      210067     43.42%     46.84% |        3274      0.68%     47.51% |      253940     52.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total       483822                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |      841635      4.63%      4.63% |     7453154     41.00%     45.63% |       93348      0.51%     46.15% |     9788560     53.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total     18176697                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data |      268040      3.17%      3.17% |     3173356     37.51%     40.67% |      243320      2.88%     43.55% |     4776265     56.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data::total      8460981                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive |     1464853      3.35%      3.35% |    21399589     48.92%     52.26% |       18341      0.04%     52.31% |    20864957     47.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive::total     43747740                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       62395      2.29%      2.29% |     1221363     44.87%     47.17% |       57574      2.12%     49.28% |     1380504     50.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      2721836                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |     2524606      3.10%      3.10% |    34489054     42.34%     45.44% |      109455      0.13%     45.57% |    44334572     54.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total     81457687                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |      536520      4.42%      4.42% |     4966435     40.93%     45.35% |       60749      0.50%     45.85% |     6571393     54.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total     12135097                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            2                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |        5020     36.80%     36.80% |        3272     23.99%     60.79% |        2349     17.22%     78.01% |        3000     21.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total        13641                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     4319894      3.17%      3.17% |    60283362     44.20%     47.37% |      428690      0.31%     47.68% |    71356298     52.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    136388244                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      541541      4.46%      4.46% |     4969707     40.91%     45.36% |       63098      0.52%     45.88% |     6574394     54.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     12148740                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |     4453174      3.31%      3.31% |    59693337     44.31%     47.62% |      185063      0.14%     47.75% |    70382218     52.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total    134713792                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |       16541      3.42%      3.42% |      210067     43.42%     46.84% |        3274      0.68%     47.51% |      253940     52.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total       483822                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       11648     20.90%     20.90% |       14150     25.39%     46.28% |       17024     30.54%     76.83% |       12917     23.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        55739                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |      284142      2.89%      2.89% |     4305866     43.84%     46.73% |      123488      1.26%     47.99% |     5108080     52.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      9821576                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |       10642     21.64%     21.64% |       13518     27.48%     49.12% |       14736     29.96%     79.08% |       10292     20.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        49188                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      600366      2.18%      2.18% |    12745856     46.30%     48.48% |      104999      0.38%     48.86% |    14079956     51.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     27531177                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         593     14.20%     14.20% |        1665     39.86%     54.06% |        1053     25.21%     79.27% |         866     20.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         4177                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        8961     34.40%     34.40% |        5289     20.30%     54.70% |        6474     24.85%     79.56% |        5325     20.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        26049                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        1729     38.40%     38.40% |        1057     23.47%     61.87% |         501     11.13%     73.00% |        1216     27.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         4503                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      456337      1.97%      1.97% |    10781979     46.66%     48.64% |       36727      0.16%     48.80% |    11831195     51.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total     23106238                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        4927     18.91%     18.91% |        6894     26.47%     45.38% |        9116     35.00%     80.38% |        5112     19.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        26049                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      144298      3.26%      3.26% |     1965436     44.36%     47.62% |       70462      1.59%     49.21% |     2249999     50.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      4430195                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |      130851      2.94%      2.94% |     1949625     43.80%     46.74% |       65838      1.48%     48.21% |     2305246     51.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total      4451560                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       16714     48.96%     48.96% |        6493     19.02%     67.98% |        4478     13.12%     81.10% |        6453     18.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        34138                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        7863     37.95%     37.95% |        4960     23.94%     61.89% |        3324     16.04%     77.93% |        4572     22.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        20719                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      531709      2.11%      2.11% |    11754577     46.56%     48.66% |       46464      0.18%     48.85% |    12914127     51.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total     25246877                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      527481      2.08%      2.08% |    11779195     46.36%     48.43% |      101498      0.40%     48.83% |    13001064     51.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     25409238                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       79810      3.70%      3.70% |      976170     45.24%     48.94% |       15305      0.71%     49.65% |     1086457     50.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      2157742                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |        5380     22.16%     22.16% |        6326     26.05%     48.21% |        6270     25.82%     74.03% |        6307     25.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total        24283                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      255621      2.88%      2.88% |     3396296     38.28%     41.16% |      234826      2.65%     43.81% |     4985810     56.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      8872553                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        5187     34.83%     34.83% |        3666     24.61%     59.44% |        2796     18.77%     78.21% |        3245     21.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        14894                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |       67580      2.97%      2.97% |      989653     43.43%     46.40% |       57631      2.53%     48.93% |     1163715     51.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      2278579                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |        1998     12.17%     12.17% |        5024     30.60%     42.77% |        5636     34.33%     77.10% |        3759     22.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        16417                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |        3670     50.52%     50.52% |        1207     16.62%     67.14% |        1297     17.86%     84.99% |        1090     15.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total         7264                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |         947     71.36%     71.36% |         238     17.94%     89.30% |          30      2.26%     91.56% |         112      8.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total         1327                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |        5309     18.68%     18.68% |        7263     25.56%     44.25% |        9879     34.77%     79.01% |        5963     20.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total        28414                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |       68657      3.01%      3.01% |      991279     43.40%     46.40% |       58535      2.56%     48.96% |     1165829     51.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total      2284300                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |      417492      1.88%      1.88% |    10406909     46.80%     48.68% |       35326      0.16%     48.84% |    11375722     51.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total     22235449                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |       38618      4.44%      4.44% |      374795     43.08%     47.52% |        1224      0.14%     47.66% |      455275     52.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       869912                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |         211     24.11%     24.11% |         272     31.09%     55.20% |         198     22.63%     77.83% |         194     22.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          875                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv    |          11     22.45%     22.45% |          15     30.61%     53.06% |           9     18.37%     71.43% |          14     28.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv::total           49                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |       38380      4.43%      4.43% |      373562     43.09%     47.51% |        1119      0.13%     47.64% |      453915     52.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total       866976                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           5     23.81%     23.81% |           9     42.86%     66.67% |           2      9.52%     76.19% |           5     23.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |         127     21.75%     21.75% |         185     31.68%     53.42% |         135     23.12%     76.54% |         137     23.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total          584                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |     4035682      3.59%      3.59% |    49286428     43.82%     47.41% |      149737      0.13%     47.54% |    59006496     52.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total    112478343                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |       35873      2.04%      2.04% |      788485     44.74%     46.78% |        2889      0.16%     46.94% |      935050     53.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      1762297                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |        3112     42.62%     42.62% |        1463     20.04%     62.65% |        1534     21.01%     83.66% |        1193     16.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         7302                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |     3533122      3.46%      3.46% |    45106664     44.18%     47.64% |       91069      0.09%     47.73% |    53368334     52.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total    102099189                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |      455596      4.57%      4.57% |     3989633     40.00%     44.56% |       44967      0.45%     45.02% |     5484579     54.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total      9974775                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |         948     31.73%     31.73% |         545     18.24%     49.97% |         863     28.88%     78.85% |         632     21.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total         2988                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |      493329      2.02%      2.02% |    11381015     46.68%     48.71% |       45345      0.19%     48.89% |    12460212     51.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total     24379901                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         588     14.15%     14.15% |        1656     39.85%     53.99% |        1051     25.29%     79.28% |         861     20.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         4156                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        8834     34.69%     34.69% |        5104     20.04%     54.73% |        6339     24.89%     79.63% |        5188     20.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        25465                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      456337      1.97%      1.97% |    10781979     46.66%     48.64% |       36727      0.16%     48.80% |    11831195     51.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total     23106238                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        4927     18.91%     18.91% |        6894     26.47%     45.38% |        9116     35.00%     80.38% |        5112     19.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        26049                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       66217      2.91%      2.91% |      990322     43.49%     46.40% |       55655      2.44%     48.85% |     1164757     51.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total      2276951                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        1729     38.40%     38.40% |        1057     23.47%     61.87% |         501     11.13%     73.00% |        1216     27.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         4503                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       78081      3.63%      3.63% |      975114     45.29%     48.91% |       14807      0.69%     49.60% |     1085242     50.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      2153244                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           3     60.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |       16714     48.96%     48.96% |        6493     19.02%     67.98% |        4478     13.12%     81.10% |        6453     18.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        34138                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        7863     37.95%     37.95% |        4960     23.94%     61.89% |        3324     16.04%     77.93% |        4572     22.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total        20719                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      531709      2.11%      2.11% |    11754577     46.56%     48.66% |       46464      0.18%     48.85% |    12914127     51.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total     25246877                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.Store |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.Store::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       67580      2.97%      2.97% |      989653     43.43%     46.40% |       57631      2.53%     48.93% |     1163715     51.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      2278579                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        1998     12.17%     12.17% |        5024     30.60%     42.77% |        5636     34.33%     77.10% |        3759     22.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        16417                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |       69578      3.03%      3.03% |      994677     43.34%     46.37% |       63267      2.76%     49.13% |     1167474     50.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total      2294996                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |         306      9.69%      9.69% |        1296     41.05%     50.74% |         157      4.97%     55.72% |        1398     44.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total         3157                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       38618      4.44%      4.44% |      374795     43.08%     47.52% |        1224      0.14%     47.66% |      455275     52.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       869912                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         211     24.11%     24.11% |         272     31.09%     55.20% |         198     22.63%     77.83% |         194     22.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          875                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |       38523      4.44%      4.44% |      373771     43.08%     47.52% |        1265      0.15%     47.67% |      454071     52.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total       867630                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |       16235      3.38%      3.38% |      208771     43.43%     46.81% |        3117      0.65%     47.46% |      252542     52.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total       480665                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       35873      2.04%      2.04% |      788485     44.74%     46.78% |        2889      0.16%     46.94% |      935050     53.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      1762297                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        3112     42.62%     42.62% |        1463     20.04%     62.65% |        1534     21.01%     83.66% |        1193     16.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         7302                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |       22750      1.77%      1.77% |      581177     45.09%     46.85% |        1306      0.10%     46.96% |      683701     53.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total      1288934                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS       25409393      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        2157755      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE        16221      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX       25246877      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement        39426      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean        90842      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data        147172      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack         130953      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          15212      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean        13825      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack               9228      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all           4882      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          26049      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock     25280201      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv           1370      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS       119893      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX        27279      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS      2276825      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         4503      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE        16216      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          701      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean         4065      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.MEM_Inv           67      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS     22986408      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX      2121788      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement        37673      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean        84944      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv          466      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        26049      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         4177      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX     25246877      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         1052      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean         1833      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv          152      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack       130953      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv          466      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data         1052      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean          144      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all            8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv          152      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data          777      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean         1015      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all           41      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack           8289      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all         4065      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            939      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          768      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.MEM_Inv           67      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS           63      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data       119830      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data           63      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data        27279      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           96      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        20719      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS           47      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock     25259482      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS           12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data        13381      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean        12656      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean           10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        26037      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
