
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.606639                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3606638762500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               54845385056501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 138642                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   236114                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              247452017                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1891824                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14575.10                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2020725366                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3441383268                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       370944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            370944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0        93440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          93440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0         5796                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               5796                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0         1460                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1460                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       102850                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total               102850                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0        25908                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total               25908                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0       128758                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total              128758                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                       5796                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      1460                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                     5796                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    1460                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                369664                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1280                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                  91904                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                 370944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys               93440                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    20                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0              565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1              407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2              449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3              343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4              359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5              486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6              335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7              360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8              401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9              216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10             235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11             393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12             236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13             253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14             289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15             449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2               22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3               23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4               19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5               63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6               34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7               74                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9              100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10              35                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11              78                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12              92                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14             124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15             113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 3606643133500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                 5796                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                1460                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                   5763                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                     13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                    91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples         2602                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   177.414297                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   113.674189                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   232.803270                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1446     55.57%     55.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255          716     27.52%     83.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          149      5.73%     88.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511           57      2.19%     91.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639           36      1.38%     92.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767           35      1.35%     93.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           31      1.19%     94.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           29      1.11%     96.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          103      3.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total         2602                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples           78                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean    128.320513                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   521.260124                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           72     92.31%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      3.85%     96.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            2      2.56%     98.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      1.28%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total           78                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples           78                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.410256                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.388633                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.903613                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16               2      2.56%      2.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      1.28%      3.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18              53     67.95%     71.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19               7      8.97%     80.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              15     19.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total           78                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                    52478250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              160778250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                  28880000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     9085.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               27835.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                    3670                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                    941                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                63.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               64.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                 497056661.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   63.72                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                16382520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                 8938875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy               40840800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy               3881520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        235800963840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         81106640640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        2094976263750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2411953911945                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           668.093512                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3483459700500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 120433820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2751969500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                15724800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                 8580000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy               37486800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy               5423760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        235800963840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         80847791100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        2095203333000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2411919303300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           668.083923                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3483910711000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 120433820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2300972750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       315456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            315456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1        82368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total          82368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1         4929                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               4929                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1         1287                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              1287                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1        87465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total                87465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1        22838                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total               22838                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1       110303                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total              110303                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                       4929                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      1287                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                     4929                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    1287                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                315200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                  81216                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                 315456                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys               82368                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     4                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0              462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1              350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2              420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3              318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4              325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5              430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6              296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7              285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8              310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9              155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10             220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11             353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12             218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13             189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14             232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15             362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2               18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3               22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4               22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5               61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6               31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7               42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8              115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9               89                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10              31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11              71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12              86                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14             118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15             100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 3606638844000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                 4929                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                1287                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                   4911                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                     14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples         2139                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   185.327723                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   115.472881                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   245.930110                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1197     55.96%     55.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255          563     26.32%     82.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          110      5.14%     87.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511           52      2.43%     89.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639           35      1.64%     91.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767           26      1.22%     92.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           26      1.22%     93.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           35      1.64%     95.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           95      4.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total         2139                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples           69                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean    131.695652                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   549.936582                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           64     92.75%     92.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      4.35%     97.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      1.45%     98.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      1.45%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total           69                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples           69                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.391304                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.360990                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.073989                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16               4      5.80%      5.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18              44     63.77%     69.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              11     15.94%     85.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               7     10.14%     95.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      2.90%     98.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      1.45%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total           69                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                    41621750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              133965500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                  24625000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     8451.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               27201.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     26.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                    3178                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                    877                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                64.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               68.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                 580218604.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   65.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                14726880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                 8035500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy               37089000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy               3278880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        235800963840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         81081846495                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        2094998013000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2411943953595                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           668.090753                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3483498378000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 120433820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2706646000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                14001120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                 7639500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy               34125000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy               4944240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        235800963840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         80735376555                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        2095301942250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2411898992505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           668.078297                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3484137772750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 120433820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2073911000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2       309440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total            309440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2        79040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total          79040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2         4835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total               4835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2         1235                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total              1235                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2        85797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total                85797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2        21915                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total               21915                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2       107712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total              107712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                       4835                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                      1235                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                     4835                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                    1235                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                308864                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                  77504                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                 309440                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys               79040                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     9                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0              477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1              318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2              391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3              327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4              344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5              408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6              280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7              269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8              293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9              156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10             192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11             337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12             240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13             189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14             236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15             369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0              190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1              130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2               12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3               14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4               19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5               45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7               48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8               99                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9               74                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10              22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11              67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12              93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13             152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14             112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15             102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 3606638540000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                 4835                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                1235                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                   4811                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                     15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples         2004                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   192.894212                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   118.256644                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   254.965895                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1106     55.19%     55.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255          519     25.90%     81.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383          111      5.54%     86.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511           45      2.25%     88.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639           33      1.65%     90.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767           34      1.70%     92.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895           25      1.25%     93.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           31      1.55%     95.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          100      4.99%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total         2004                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples           65                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean    138.292308                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   561.267976                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           59     90.77%     90.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            4      6.15%     96.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      1.54%     98.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      1.54%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total           65                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples           65                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.630769                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.601272                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.083531                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16               1      1.54%      1.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18              39     60.00%     61.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19              12     18.46%     80.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20              11     16.92%     96.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      1.54%     98.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      1.54%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total           65                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                    38043500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              128531000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                  24130000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                     7883.03                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               26633.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     26.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                    3152                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                    883                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                65.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               71.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                 594174388.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   66.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                14144760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                 7717875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy               36519600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy               3175200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        235800963840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy         81004014135                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        2095066295250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          2411932830660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           668.087670                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3483591056250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF 120433820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2619151750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                13585320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                 7412625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy               33953400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy               4672080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        235800963840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy         80656558380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        2095371072750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          2411888218395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           668.075315                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3484190387500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF 120433820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2021114500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3       307840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            307840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3        76032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total          76032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3         4810                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total               4810                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3         1188                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total              1188                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3        85354                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total                85354                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3        21081                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total               21081                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3       106435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total              106435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                       4810                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                      1188                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                     4810                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                    1188                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                307008                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                  75136                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                 307840                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys               76032                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0              476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1              354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2              389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3              328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4              327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5              391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6              273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7              282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8              293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9              138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10             213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11             340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12             229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13             179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14             221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15             364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0              186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1              125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5               36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6               28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7               49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8              105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9               76                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10              28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11              59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12              85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13             149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14             114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15              96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 3606643766000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                 4810                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                1188                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                   4786                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                    74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples         1925                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   198.549610                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   122.488048                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   258.016340                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127          996     51.74%     51.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255          549     28.52%     80.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383          121      6.29%     86.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511           46      2.39%     88.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639           27      1.40%     90.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767           27      1.40%     91.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895           24      1.25%     92.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           35      1.82%     94.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          100      5.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total         1925                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples           63                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean    142.746032                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   572.855467                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           58     92.06%     92.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      1.59%     93.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            3      4.76%     98.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      1.59%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total           63                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples           63                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.634921                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.606121                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.067127                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16               1      1.59%      1.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18              38     60.32%     61.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19              10     15.87%     77.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20              12     19.05%     96.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      1.59%     98.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      1.59%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total           63                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                    37362250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              127306000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                  23985000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                     7788.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               26538.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                    3171                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                    876                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                66.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               73.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                 601307730.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   67.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                13630680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                 7437375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy               36394800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy               2993760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        235800963840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy         81045768915                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        2095029668250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          2411936857620                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           668.088785                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3483528462250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF 120433820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2681790000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                13116600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                 7156875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy               33774000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy               4613760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        235800963840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy         80658164070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        2095369664250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          2411887453395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           668.075103                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3484227971000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF 120433820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1983699000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      7213709118                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   19525163                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     34616547                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             29216750                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses               8399337                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     612709                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      2056834                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    29216750                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                      8399337                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           56402383                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          22243733                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            14064330                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes            7474281                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            14168372                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           10447487                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      7747791                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    5753082                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   1994709                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              7140955989.214766                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              72753128.785235                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.010085                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.989915                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          2825497                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               120881      0.35%      0.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 22877995     66.09%     66.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  213704      0.62%     67.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    38013      0.11%     67.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                3618219     10.45%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 5753082     16.62%     94.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                1994709      5.76%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  34616603                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      7214416045                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                 1994022530                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   3391974304                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           2756635904                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses            1010088517                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   49907625                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts    199773989                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  2756635904                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                   1010088517                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         5216430761                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        2051846215                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads          1701898740                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          899765659                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads          1288198486                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes         1039079899                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    738024048                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  571678097                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                 166345951                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              64147140.175798                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              7150268904.824202                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.991108                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.008892                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        261085820                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1505721      0.04%      0.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu               2188575293     64.52%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                24039767      0.71%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   210263      0.01%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              439619365     12.96%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               571678097     16.85%     95.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite              166345951      4.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                3391974457                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      7212300542                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    2580428                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      5564284                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              5441686                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     152871                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       393008                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     5441686                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           11052237                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           4517105                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             3141484                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1653803                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1323376                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     824679                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    498697                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              7201472863.728460                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              10827678.271539                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.001501                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.998499                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           595355                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               104388      1.88%      1.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  4088461     73.48%     75.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   11335      0.20%     75.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    36730      0.66%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  824679     14.82%     91.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 498697      8.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   5564290                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      7216230163                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    3222181                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      6693312                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              6564117                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1952                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     172263                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       490862                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     6564117                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         1952                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           13326046                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           5413232                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                3276                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               1552                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             3744736                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            2058047                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1580155                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     981408                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    598747                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              7202170913.431259                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              14059249.568742                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.001948                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.998052                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           721066                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               101893      1.52%      1.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  4958985     74.09%     75.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   14993      0.22%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    35919      0.54%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   1456      0.02%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  981408     14.66%     91.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 598747      8.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   6693401                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  111                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 111                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3735                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3735                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                16                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               16                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1956                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1824                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1840                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    7724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           66                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3660                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3750                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3660                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3695                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3662                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           87                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3652                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3785                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    14920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               162000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                20497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              113500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             2290994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             2065981                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             2281998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             2286998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               11496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1455500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1395500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1382000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1560500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           45                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       184320                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           45                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   3588731315                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000252                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3588731087    100.00%    100.00% |         228      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   3588731315                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     3588731315                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.019084                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.003214                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         0.644003                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  3588724150    100.00%    100.00% |        6887      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |          43      0.00%    100.00% |         156      0.00%    100.00% |          54      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       3588731315                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3584719905                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3584719905    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3584719905                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      4011410                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    18.073566                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.642587                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.936372                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     4004245     99.82%     99.82% |        6887      0.17%     99.99% |          25      0.00%     99.99% |          43      0.00%     99.99% |         156      0.00%    100.00% |          54      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      4011410                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      7686768                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        62091                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      7748859                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits     27202742                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        58678                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses     27261420                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits    735453488                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      2574044                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    738027532                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits   2803899227                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses      1182223                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses   2805081450                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           168                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1295503                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        27165                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1322668                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      3400766                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        28678                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3429444                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1542457                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        39238                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1581695                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      4238954                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        39293                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4278247                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      3919652                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        91758                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      4011410                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.007383                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::0       120769                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::2         3383                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        98034                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        43478                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2        17703                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        28735                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       206994                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        24156                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2545                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       195531                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       966152                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       243576                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      7058448                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      3130416                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       141624                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      2068920                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1655952                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       193248                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        20360                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1564248                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.225069                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::0      3756267                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::2         9918                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3725844                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        30539                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5269                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1533204                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      7499514                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        10036                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0           69                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      5972820                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     30050136                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       714096                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    268260768                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2198808                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        42152                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    110390688                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     59996112                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        80288                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0          552                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     47782560                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.003578                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::0        55843                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::2          922                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        40914                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        37544                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2         9283                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         5730                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        82844                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        23543                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3440                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        91535                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       446744                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        66384                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2945808                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2703168                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        74264                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       412560                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       662752                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       188344                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        27520                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       732280                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.004584                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78531                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::2         6164                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        54860                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        31183                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2        11792                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        14260                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       126136                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        13816                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         6925                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       127339                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       628248                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       443808                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3949920                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2245176                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        94336                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1026720                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1009088                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       110528                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        55400                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1018712                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.236959                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::0      4011410                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::1        20307                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::2        41665                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3919652                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2        18159                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1584219                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      7915488                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         4580                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        71551                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          991                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0        10311                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      6407563                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     32091280                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       162456                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      2999880                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    282214944                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       145272                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    114063768                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     63323904                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        36640                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       572408                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         7928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        82488                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     51260504                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.000265                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::1         5781                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::2         6036                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          740                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2235                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          260                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         5801                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        46248                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       434592                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        53280                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        17880                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         2080                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        46408                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.000225                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::1         4913                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::2         5169                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          567                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1881                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          251                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         4924                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        39304                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       372168                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        40824                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        15048                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         2008                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        39392                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.000220                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::1         4819                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::2         5075                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          515                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1766                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         4819                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        38552                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       365400                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        37080                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        14128                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         1920                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        38552                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.000217                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::1         4794                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::2         5050                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          468                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1672                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         4794                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        38352                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       363600                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        33696                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        13376                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         1920                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        38352                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.000033                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::2           74                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2           20                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2974                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         5328                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23792                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        46080                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.043504                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::0      4011410                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::1        20307                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::2        41728                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3919652                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        71382                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2        31103                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1584219                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      7915488                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         7554                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        71551                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          991                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0        12979                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      6407563                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     32091280                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       162456                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      3004416                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    282214944                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      5139504                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       248824                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    114063768                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     63323904                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        60432                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        46080                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       572408                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         7928                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0       103832                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     51260504                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control     12095151                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data       125184                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data     11758956                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data       214146                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control        93309                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      4752657                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     23786406                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Forwarded_Control       217626                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Invalidate_Control        36269                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control     19222689                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control     96761208                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data      9013248                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data    846644832                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data     15418512                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control       746472                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    342191304                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    190291248                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Forwarded_Control      1741008                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Invalidate_Control       290152                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control    153781512                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.008541                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         3377                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        98034                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        19343                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        15140                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       103497                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        24156                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2545                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       243144                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      7058448                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1392696                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       121120                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       827976                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       193248                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        20360                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.006226                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       120769                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        24135                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2563                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        28735                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       103497                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       195531                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       966152                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1737720                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        20504                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      2068920                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       827976                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1564248                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.260433                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         9844                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3725844                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        20578                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5200                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3749757                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        10036                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0           69                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       708768                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    268260768                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1481616                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        41600                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     29998056                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        80288                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0          552                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.189706                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0      3756267                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2           74                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         9961                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2           69                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1533204                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3749757                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      5972820                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     30050136                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         5328                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       717192                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          552                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    110390688                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     29998056                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     47782560                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.003998                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          922                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        40914                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        14004                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5843                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        41422                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        23543                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3440                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        66384                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2945808                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1008288                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        46744                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       331376                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       188344                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        27520                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003159                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        55843                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        23540                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3440                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         5730                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        41422                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        91535                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       446744                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1694880                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        27520                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       412560                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       331376                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       732280                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005509                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         6164                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        54860                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        17437                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4865                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        63068                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        13816                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         6925                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       443808                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3949920                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1255464                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        38920                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       504544                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       110528                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        55400                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003659                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        78531                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        13746                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         6927                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        14260                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        63068                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       127339                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       628248                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       989712                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        55416                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1026720                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       504544                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1018712                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.199497                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0      4011410                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        20387                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2           55                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1581929                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3957744                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2290                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          991                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      6387225                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     32091280                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1467864                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          440                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    113898888                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     31661952                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        18320                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         7928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     51097800                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.274422                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1        20307                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        21278                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3919652                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        18104                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         2290                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3957744                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2290                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        71551                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0        10311                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        20338                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       162456                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1532016                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    282214944                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       144832                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       164880                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     31661952                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        18320                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       572408                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        82488                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       162704                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000157                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1         5781                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          740                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1495                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         5801                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        46248                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        17280                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        53280                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        11960                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        46408                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000374                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         5796                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          740                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          260                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       417312                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5920                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         2080                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000133                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1         4913                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          567                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1314                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         4924                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        39304                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        17280                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        40824                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        10512                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        39392                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000318                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         4929                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          567                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          251                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       354888                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4536                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         2008                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000128                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1         4819                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          515                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1251                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         4819                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        38552                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        17280                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        37080                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        10008                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        38552                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000312                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         4835                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          515                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       348120                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4120                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         1920                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000124                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1         4794                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          468                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1204                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         4794                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        38352                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        17280                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        33696                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         9632                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        38352                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000310                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         4810                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          468                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       346320                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3744                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         1920                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000026                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2           74                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2           20                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         5328                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000041                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2974                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23792                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.008541                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         3377                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        98034                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        19343                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        15140                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       103497                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        24156                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2545                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       243144                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      7058448                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1392696                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       121120                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       827976                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       193248                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        20360                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.260433                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         9844                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3725844                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        20578                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5200                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3749757                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        10036                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0           69                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       708768                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    268260768                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1481616                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        41600                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     29998056                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        80288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0          552                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.link_utilization     0.003998                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2          922                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        40914                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        14004                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5843                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        41422                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        23543                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3440                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        66384                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2945808                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1008288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        46744                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       331376                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       188344                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        27520                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.link_utilization     0.005509                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2         6164                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        54860                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        17437                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4865                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        63068                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        13816                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         6925                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       443808                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3949920                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1255464                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        38920                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       504544                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       110528                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        55400                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.link_utilization     0.199497                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::0      4011410                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2        20387                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2           55                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1581929                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3957744                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2290                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          991                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      6387225                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     32091280                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1467864                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          440                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    113898888                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     31661952                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        18320                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         7928                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     51097800                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.link_utilization     0.000157                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::1         5781                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::2          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          740                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1495                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         5801                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        46248                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        17280                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        53280                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        11960                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        46408                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.link_utilization     0.000133                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::1         4913                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::2          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          567                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1314                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         4924                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        39304                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        17280                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        40824                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        10512                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        39392                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.link_utilization     0.000128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::1         4819                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::2          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          515                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1251                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         4819                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        38552                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        17280                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        37080                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        10008                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        38552                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.link_utilization     0.000124                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Request_Control::1         4794                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::2          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          468                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1204                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         4794                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        38352                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        17280                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        33696                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         9632                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        38352                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.link_utilization     0.000026                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::2           74                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2           20                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         5328                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle10.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    573306435                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.045894                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.007857                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      0.966164                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   573303115    100.00%    100.00% |        3233      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     573306435                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    571736250                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   571736250    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    571736250                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1570185                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    17.756789                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.419665                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     7.798009                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1566865     99.79%     99.79% |        3233      0.21%     99.99% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1570185                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    169303373                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.119851                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.019283                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.792843                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   169301023    100.00%    100.00% |        2201      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          92      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     169303373                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    168194622                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   168194622    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    168194622                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1108751                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    19.300940                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.476407                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    12.573077                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1106401     99.79%     99.79% |        2201      0.20%     99.99% |           7      0.00%     99.99% |          15      0.00%     99.99% |          92      0.01%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1108751                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   2840050561                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.007519                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001311                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.370115                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  2840049239    100.00%    100.00% |        1284      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   2840050561                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2838741689                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2838741689    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2838741689                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1308872                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    17.315006                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.156898                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     5.583837                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     1307550     99.90%     99.90% |        1284      0.10%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1308872                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      5809056                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.063870                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.009433                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.303131                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     5808923    100.00%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |          71      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      5809056                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5791063                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5791063    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      5791063                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        17993                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    21.620519                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    20.723860                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    11.152030                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       17860     99.26%     99.26% |          61      0.34%     99.60% |          71      0.39%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        17993                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       130945                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.232204                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.151804                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     7.523764                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      130844     99.92%     99.92% |          98      0.07%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       130945                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       125336                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      125336    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       125336                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5609                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    29.766447                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    27.096705                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    23.011782                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        5508     98.20%     98.20% |          98      1.75%     99.95% |           1      0.02%     99.96% |           1      0.02%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         5609                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       130945                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      130945    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       130945                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       130945                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      130945    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       130945                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |        3361     26.33%     26.33% |        3184     24.95%     51.28% |        3157     24.74%     76.02% |        3061     23.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total        12763                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |        2420     32.08%     32.08% |        1729     22.92%     55.00% |        1662     22.03%     77.03% |        1733     22.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total         7544                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |         738     32.28%     32.28% |         566     24.76%     57.04% |         514     22.48%     79.53% |         468     20.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total         2286                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock |        2027     31.33%     31.33% |        1484     22.94%     54.27% |        1439     22.24%     76.52% |        1519     23.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock::total         6469                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock |         393     36.56%     36.56% |         245     22.79%     59.35% |         223     20.74%     80.09% |         214     19.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock::total         1075                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |        4081     26.09%     26.09% |        3904     24.96%     51.05% |        3877     24.78%     75.83% |        3781     24.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total        15643                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback |         740     32.31%     32.31% |         567     24.76%     57.07% |         515     22.49%     79.56% |         468     20.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback::total         2290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |        5796     28.45%     28.45% |        4929     24.20%     52.65% |        4835     23.74%     76.39% |        4810     23.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total        20370                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |        1460     28.24%     28.24% |        1287     24.89%     53.13% |        1235     23.89%     77.02% |        1188     22.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total         5170                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          35     37.23%     37.23% |          27     28.72%     65.96% |          16     17.02%     82.98% |          16     17.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           94                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         720     25.00%     25.00% |         720     25.00%     50.00% |         720     25.00%     75.00% |         720     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2880                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK |          20     64.52%     64.52% |          11     35.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK::total           31                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |         240     25.00%     25.00% |         240     25.00%     50.00% |         240     25.00%     75.00% |         240     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total          960                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |        2821     25.30%     25.30% |        2832     25.40%     50.70% |        2790     25.02%     75.72% |        2708     24.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total        11151                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS  |        2027     31.33%     31.33% |        1484     22.94%     54.27% |        1439     22.24%     76.52% |        1519     23.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS::total         6469                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack |         740     32.20%     32.20% |         572     24.89%     57.09% |         516     22.45%     79.55% |         470     20.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack::total         2298                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          15     23.81%     23.81% |          16     25.40%     49.21% |          16     25.40%     74.60% |          16     25.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           63                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         480     25.00%     25.00% |         480     25.00%     50.00% |         480     25.00%     75.00% |         480     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         1920                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX  |         540     33.50%     33.50% |         352     21.84%     55.33% |         367     22.77%     78.10% |         353     21.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX::total         1612                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS  |         393     36.56%     36.56% |         245     22.79%     59.35% |         223     20.74%     80.09% |         214     19.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS::total         1075                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |         738     32.28%     32.28% |         566     24.76%     57.04% |         514     22.48%     79.53% |         468     20.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total         2286                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          20     64.52%     64.52% |          11     35.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           31                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         240     25.00%     25.00% |         240     25.00%     50.00% |         240     25.00%     75.00% |         240     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          960                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock |        2027     31.33%     31.33% |        1484     22.94%     54.27% |        1439     22.24%     76.52% |        1519     23.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock::total         6469                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data |        2027     31.33%     31.33% |        1484     22.94%     54.27% |        1439     22.24%     76.52% |        1519     23.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data::total         6469                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock |         393     36.56%     36.56% |         245     22.79%     59.35% |         223     20.74%     80.09% |         214     19.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock::total         1075                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data |         393     36.56%     36.56% |         245     22.79%     59.35% |         223     20.74%     80.09% |         214     19.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data::total         1075                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock |        3361     26.33%     26.33% |        3184     24.95%     51.28% |        3157     24.74%     76.02% |        3061     23.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock::total        12763                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data |        3361     26.33%     26.33% |        3184     24.95%     51.28% |        3157     24.74%     76.02% |        3061     23.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data::total        12763                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback |         738     32.28%     32.28% |         566     24.76%     57.04% |         514     22.48%     79.53% |         468     20.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback::total         2286                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_M.Memory_Data |          15     23.81%     23.81% |          16     25.40%     49.21% |          16     25.40%     74.60% |          16     25.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_M.Memory_Data::total           63                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock |         720     25.00%     25.00% |         720     25.00%     50.00% |         720     25.00%     75.00% |         720     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock::total         2880                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack |         718     25.03%     25.03% |         714     24.90%     49.93% |         718     25.03%     74.97% |         718     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack::total         2868                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.OI_D.Data |         240     25.00%     25.00% |         240     25.00%     50.00% |         240     25.00%     75.00% |         240     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.OI_D.Data::total          960                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK |          20     64.52%     64.52% |          11     35.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK::total           31                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack       |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks      |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks::total         2880                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5628255      0.98%      0.98% |   565994634     98.72%     99.71% |      765368      0.13%     99.84% |      918217      0.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    573306474                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    27261420      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072219666432    100.00%    100.00% |     3429444      0.00%    100.00% |     4278247      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072254636032                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     2120610      1.21%      1.21% |   172032909     98.09%     99.30% |      557300      0.32%     99.62% |      663505      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total    175374324                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      109550      2.76%      2.76% |     3750912     94.35%     97.10% |       46862      1.18%     98.28% |       68348      1.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      3975672                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX  |          15     16.85%     16.85% |           1      1.12%     17.98% |           3      3.37%     21.35% |          70     78.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX::total           89                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        4218     23.30%     23.30% |        2891     15.97%     39.28% |        7358     40.65%     79.93% |        3633     20.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        18100                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |       19969     37.34%     37.34% |        7144     13.36%     50.71% |       16188     30.27%     80.98% |       10171     19.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        53472                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA   |          18     90.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        2545     19.61%     19.61% |          69      0.53%     20.14% |        3440     26.50%     46.64% |        6925     53.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        12979                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       15140     48.76%     48.76% |        5200     16.75%     65.51% |        5843     18.82%     84.33% |        4865     15.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        31048                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |       83351      3.46%      3.46% |     2220901     92.31%     95.78% |       41351      1.72%     97.50% |       60260      2.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      2405863                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |       37403      2.33%      2.33% |     1535365     95.63%     97.96% |       14489      0.90%     98.87% |       18201      1.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      1605458                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       74762      3.15%      3.15% |     2216553     93.30%     96.44% |       35692      1.50%     97.95% |       48808      2.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      2375815                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data |       28735      1.82%      1.82% |     1533204     96.92%     98.74% |        5730      0.36%     99.10% |       14260      0.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      1581929                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       27103      2.39%      2.39% |     1089802     96.24%     98.64% |        5196      0.46%     99.09% |       10252      0.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total      1132353                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout |       37418      2.33%      2.33% |     1535366     95.63%     97.96% |       14492      0.90%     98.86% |       18271      1.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout::total      1605547                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       34988      2.23%      2.23% |     1484242     94.53%     96.75% |       21969      1.40%     98.15% |       28986      1.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      1570185                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       58678      4.48%      4.48% |     1182223     90.32%     94.81% |       28678      2.19%     97.00% |       39293      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total      1308872                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       23151      2.06%      2.06% |     1087571     96.94%     99.00% |        3332      0.30%     99.30% |        7901      0.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      1121955                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        6053     33.77%     33.77% |        1153      6.43%     40.20% |        5440     30.35%     70.55% |        5280     29.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        17926                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |     1925704      0.94%      0.94% |   203354783     98.84%     99.78% |      197929      0.10%     99.87% |      257679      0.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total    205736095                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    27202742      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072218482688    100.00%    100.00% |     3400766      0.00%    100.00% |     4238954      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total 18446744072253327360                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        3937     38.19%     38.19% |        2230     21.63%     59.82% |        1861     18.05%     77.87% |        2281     22.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        10309                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       76767      3.22%      3.22% |     2218338     93.12%     96.34% |       36062      1.51%     97.86% |       51077      2.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      2382244                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS |         559     39.45%     39.45% |         118      8.33%     47.78% |         350     24.70%     72.48% |         390     27.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS::total         1417                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2545     19.61%     19.61% |          69      0.53%     20.14% |        3440     26.50%     46.64% |        6925     53.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        12979                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |        2642     17.27%     17.27% |         115      0.75%     18.03% |       12166     79.54%     97.57% |         372      2.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total        15295                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |          15     16.85%     16.85% |           1      1.12%     17.98% |           3      3.37%     21.35% |          70     78.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total           89                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement |         107     25.24%     25.24% |         124     29.25%     54.48% |         118     27.83%     82.31% |          75     17.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement::total          424                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX |        3458     21.27%     21.27% |        2545     15.65%     36.92% |        7048     43.35%     80.27% |        3208     19.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX::total        16259                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS |        9030     38.46%     38.46% |        3563     15.18%     53.64% |        6693     28.51%     82.15% |        4191     17.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS::total        23477                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      334066      1.43%      1.43% |    23053081     98.35%     99.77% |       17827      0.08%     99.85% |       35333      0.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     23440307                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |        2369      1.04%      1.04% |      223725     98.22%     99.26% |         452      0.20%     99.46% |        1226      0.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total       227772                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |        3384      1.97%      1.97% |      164741     95.72%     97.68% |        1370      0.80%     98.48% |        2618      1.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       172113                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         164     26.45%     26.45% |          68     10.97%     37.42% |         163     26.29%     63.71% |         225     36.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total          620                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        3602     21.47%     21.47% |        2583     15.39%     36.86% |        7198     42.90%     79.76% |        3397     20.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total        16780                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |        4581      4.50%      4.50% |       84001     82.56%     87.07% |        7616      7.49%     94.55% |        5543      5.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total       101741                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |         747      1.34%      1.34% |       54367     97.42%     98.76% |         182      0.33%     99.08% |         512      0.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total        55808                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS |           6     35.29%     35.29% |           0      0.00%     35.29% |           3     17.65%     52.94% |           8     47.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS::total           17                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout |        9568      2.29%      2.29% |      391197     93.73%     96.02% |        9114      2.18%     98.20% |        7507      1.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout::total       417386                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |     3324836      0.97%      0.97% |   337998237     98.71%     99.68% |      507580      0.15%     99.83% |      589599      0.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total    342420252                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |     2063311      1.19%      1.19% |   169742325     98.13%     99.33% |      545683      0.32%     99.64% |      618055      0.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total    172969374                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       23239      1.66%      1.66% |     1366554     97.40%     99.06% |        3872      0.28%     99.34% |        9298      0.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      1402963                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         596     49.01%     49.01% |         278     22.86%     71.88% |         147     12.09%     83.96% |         195     16.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         1216                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        6714     57.52%     57.52% |         880      7.54%     65.06% |        1941     16.63%     81.68% |        2138     18.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        11673                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA |          18     90.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |        1432      6.35%      6.35% |       20164     89.38%     95.73% |         281      1.25%     96.97% |         683      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total        22560                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |       27080      2.74%      2.74% |      922690     93.29%     96.03% |        5787      0.59%     96.62% |       33455      3.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total       989012                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS |          58     53.70%     53.70% |           0      0.00%     53.70% |           3      2.78%     56.48% |          47     43.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total          108                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout |       27850      2.34%      2.34% |     1144169     96.30%     98.64% |        5378      0.45%     99.09% |       10764      0.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total      1188161                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        7612     48.52%     48.52% |        2068     13.18%     61.71% |        3162     20.16%     81.86% |        2845     18.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        15687                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |       23151      2.06%      2.06% |     1087571     96.94%     99.00% |        3332      0.30%     99.30% |        7901      0.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total      1121955                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        7178     51.55%     51.55% |        2547     18.29%     69.85% |        2434     17.48%     87.33% |        1764     12.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        13923                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data |        3937     38.19%     38.19% |        2230     21.63%     59.82% |        1861     18.05%     77.87% |        2281     22.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data::total        10309                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX |          15     16.85%     16.85% |           1      1.12%     17.98% |           3      3.37%     21.35% |          70     78.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX::total           89                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         350     24.34%     24.34% |         585     40.68%     65.02% |         247     17.18%     82.20% |         256     17.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total         1438                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks |       27103      2.39%      2.39% |     1089802     96.24%     98.64% |        5196      0.46%     99.09% |       10252      0.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks::total      1132353                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       83351      3.46%      3.46% |     2220901     92.31%     95.78% |       41351      1.72%     97.50% |       60260      2.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      2405863                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |       10315      2.18%      2.18% |      445564     94.16%     96.34% |        9296      1.96%     98.31% |        8019      1.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total       473194                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load   |           6     26.09%     26.09% |          11     47.83%     73.91% |           0      0.00%     73.91% |           6     26.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack |       74762      3.15%      3.15% |     2216553     93.30%     96.44% |       35692      1.50%     97.95% |       48808      2.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack::total      2375815                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |        2005     31.19%     31.19% |        1785     27.76%     58.95% |         370      5.76%     64.71% |        2269     35.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total         6429                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |         107     25.24%     25.24% |         124     29.25%     54.48% |         118     27.83%     82.31% |          75     17.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total          424                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |       26623      1.69%      1.69% |     1531295     97.22%     98.91% |        5242      0.33%     99.24% |       11916      0.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      1575076                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        2879093      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        1132353      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTO            424      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        1575076      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS_only      1962233      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS         420011      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX           960      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA             31      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IntAck              35      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.All_Acks         12798      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data             20307      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive           80      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBCLEANDATA         6429      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      1575500      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack         2290      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock        4781678      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      1605547      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.DmaAck              20      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement         4332      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS         7544      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX        11152      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETS         1417      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETX         1375      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS_only         5362      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS         1067      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETS        28453      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETX         1834      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTX      1575076      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.Fwd_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.Fwd_DMA           20      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETS        12663      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETX         1734      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTO          164      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.Fwd_GETX           50      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETS        10814      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETX        14536      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTO          260      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only        14653      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS         4108      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.Fwd_GETX           28      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS      1941821      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETX           99      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement         1918      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETS         8964      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETX          166      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only           77      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS         8725      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.Fwd_GETX            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L2_Replacement            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETS       405860      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETX          137      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS_only      1942141      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS       406111      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L2_Replacement          124      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS       461521      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX      1101320      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX          873      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_DMA           11      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement         2286      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFGX.Data_Exclusive           52      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFGXX.IntAck           28      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFGXX.All_Acks           28      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFGXX.Data_Exclusive           28      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSF.IntAck            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSF.All_Acks            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          164      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.Unblock        14653      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          260      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.Unblock         4108      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.Unblock       406111      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA         1067      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA         5362      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.Unblock      1942141      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.Unblock           77      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.Unblock         8725      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      1575076      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.Unblock         1417      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Unblock        12663      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock          166      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETS            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Unblock        16780      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock        15241      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.Unblock        10814      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETS           24      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock        14536      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Data          7544      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Unblock         7544      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.Data         11251      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.Data         1512      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.All_Acks        12763      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock        12763      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock      1101320      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.Unblock      1941821      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.Exclusive_Unblock       461521      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.Unblock         8964      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.Unblock       405860      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack         2286      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSI.Writeback_Ack            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXD.DmaAck           20      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.622332                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3622331976000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               54861078270001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 138446                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   235884                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              247186392                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2138608                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14654.25                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2028817949                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3456710503                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1076160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           1076160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0       394304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         394304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        16815                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              16815                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0         6161                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              6161                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       297090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total               297090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0       108854                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              108854                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0       405944                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total              405944                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      16815                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      6161                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    16815                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    6161                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               1072640                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   3520                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 392576                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                1076160                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              394304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    55                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             1219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             1078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             1200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3              917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             1002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             1231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6              966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             1350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8              864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9              799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            1062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            1262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12             931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            1032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14             796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            1051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2              431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4              435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9              354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10             327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11             504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14             250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15             346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 3622336927000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                16815                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                6161                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  16587                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    171                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                   342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                   349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                   346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                   348                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                   345                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                   343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                   345                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                   345                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                   343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                   343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                   344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                   342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                   342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                   342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                   341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                   341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        10388                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   141.055064                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   101.264039                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   168.896412                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         6321     60.85%     60.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2724     26.22%     87.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          568      5.47%     92.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          241      2.32%     94.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          157      1.51%     96.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          113      1.09%     97.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           81      0.78%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           52      0.50%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          131      1.26%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        10388                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          341                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     61.498534                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   252.074751                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          335     98.24%     98.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      0.88%     99.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            2      0.59%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      0.29%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          341                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          341                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.988270                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.972840                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.739541                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16              26      7.62%      7.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17               2      0.59%      8.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18             278     81.52%     89.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              20      5.87%     95.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              15      4.40%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          341                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   167390750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              481640750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                  83800000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     9987.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               28737.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   10139                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   2368                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                60.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               38.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                 157657421.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   54.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                47559960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                25950375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy               84981000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy              20677680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        236825712240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         85588618185                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        2100458289000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2423051788440                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           668.263387                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3492551554500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 120957720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8825523000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                43409520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                23685750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy               79021800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy              19070640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        236825712240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         84928820670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        2101037058750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2422956779370                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           668.237184                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3493590398250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 120957720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7786679250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1007360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           1007360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1       377600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         377600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        15740                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              15740                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1         5900                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              5900                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       278097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total               278097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1       104242                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total              104242                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1       382339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total              382339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      15740                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      5900                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    15740                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    5900                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               1005632                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1728                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 376640                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                1007360                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              377600                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    27                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             1102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             1014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             1168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3              885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4              971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             1141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6              920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             1255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8              764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9              726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            1011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            1215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12             915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13             950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14             721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15             955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4              425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6              305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8              469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9              322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10             299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11             505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14             238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15             344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 3622330988500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                15740                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                5900                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  15541                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    170                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   315                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                   329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                   339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                   331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                   332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                   329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                   332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                   330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                   328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                   328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                   328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                   328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                   328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                   327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                   327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                   327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                   327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples         9657                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   143.136792                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   101.825492                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   172.352110                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         5889     60.98%     60.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2447     25.34%     86.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          559      5.79%     92.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          240      2.49%     94.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          151      1.56%     96.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          103      1.07%     97.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           92      0.95%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           59      0.61%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          117      1.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total         9657                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          327                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     60.856269                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   255.312789                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          322     98.47%     98.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      0.92%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.31%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      0.31%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          327                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          327                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.996942                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.982572                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.719997                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16              21      6.42%      6.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17               2      0.61%      7.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18             276     84.40%     91.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              17      5.20%     96.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               8      2.45%     99.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      0.61%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.31%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          327                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   147436250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              442055000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                  78565000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     9383.07                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               28133.07                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.28                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     26.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                    9612                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   2329                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                61.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               39.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                 167390526.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   55.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                44989560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                24547875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy               80535000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy              19880640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        236825712240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         85557391875                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        2100485680500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2423038737690                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           668.259788                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3492602260750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 120957720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8771007750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                40574520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                22138875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy               74825400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy              18254160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        236825712240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         84815471610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        2101136487750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2422933464555                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           668.230754                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3493818970000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 120957720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7558107500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2       995136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total            995136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2       374400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total         374400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        15549                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              15549                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2         5850                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total              5850                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2       274722                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total               274722                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2       103359                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total              103359                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2       378081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total              378081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      15549                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                      5850                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    15549                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                    5850                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                993344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1792                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                 373376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                 995136                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys              374400                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    28                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             1114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1              965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             1091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3              908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4              974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             1123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6              895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             1241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8              759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9              734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10             967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            1226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12             950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13             956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14             685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15             933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0              455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1              414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2              390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3              324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4              426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5              383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6              279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7              399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8              447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9              309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10             265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11             497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12             340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13             323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14             238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15             345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 3622330649500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                15549                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                5850                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  15348                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    172                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                   302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                   318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                   326                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                   330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                   330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                   327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                   324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                   324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                   329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                   324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                   324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                   327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                   325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                   325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                   327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                   324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                   324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                   323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples         9490                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   144.037092                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   102.414882                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   173.293045                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         5733     60.41%     60.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2430     25.61%     86.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383          557      5.87%     91.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511          258      2.72%     94.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          148      1.56%     96.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          106      1.12%     97.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895           73      0.77%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           56      0.59%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          129      1.36%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total         9490                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples          323                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     61.071207                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   254.661615                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          317     98.14%     98.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            4      1.24%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.31%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      0.31%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total          323                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples          323                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.061920                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.044741                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.793533                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16              21      6.50%      6.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18             260     80.50%     87.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19              27      8.36%     95.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20              13      4.02%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.31%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.31%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total          323                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   143692750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              434711500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                  77605000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                     9257.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               28007.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     26.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                    9509                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                   2358                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                61.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               40.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                 169275697.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   55.53                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                44399880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                24226125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy               79396200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy              19893600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        236825712240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy         85400776395                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        2100623062500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          2423017466940                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           668.253922                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3492807382750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF 120957720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8568069750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                39924360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                21784125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy               74497800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy              17910720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        236825712240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy         84654891495                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        2101277347500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          2422912068240                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           668.224853                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3493991211250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF 120957720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7385698250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3       995456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            995456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3       366400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         366400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        15554                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              15554                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3         5725                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total              5725                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3       274811                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total               274811                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3       101150                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total              101150                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3       375961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total              375961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      15554                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                      5725                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    15554                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                    5725                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                993728                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   1728                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                 364864                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                 995456                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys              366400                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    27                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             1121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1              996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             1094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3              892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4              956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             1129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6              893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             1262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8              773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9              695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            1034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            1155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12             944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13             931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14             698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15             954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0              421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1              437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2              387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3              275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4              400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5              368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6              273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7              418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8              474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9              290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10             272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11             459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12             338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13             304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14             238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15             347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 3622335105500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                15554                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                5725                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  15347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    180                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                   297                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                   311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                   319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                   323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                   323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                   321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                   320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                   318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                   318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                   319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                   319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                   316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                   320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                   318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                   319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                   316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                   316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                   316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples         9300                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   146.092043                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   103.524435                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   175.436143                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         5541     59.58%     59.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2430     26.13%     85.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383          568      6.11%     91.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511          235      2.53%     94.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          152      1.63%     95.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          113      1.22%     97.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895           77      0.83%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           58      0.62%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          126      1.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total         9300                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples          316                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     62.278481                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   258.917757                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          311     98.42%     98.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      0.32%     98.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            3      0.95%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      0.32%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total          316                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples          316                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.041139                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.026020                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.744216                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16              18      5.70%      5.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17               2      0.63%      6.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18             263     83.23%     89.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19              19      6.01%     95.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20              12      3.80%     99.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.32%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.32%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total          316                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   144954500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              436085750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                  77635000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                     9335.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               28085.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                    9575                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                   2354                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                61.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               41.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                 170230513.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   56.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                42857640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                23384625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy               79474200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy              19303920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        236825712240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy         85405494285                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        2100618924000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          2423015150910                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           668.253283                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3492799011250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF 120957720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8576753750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                39644640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                21631500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy               74388600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy              17638560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        236825712240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy         84710634075                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        2101228450500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          2422918100115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           668.226517                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3493949516000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF 120957720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7427561500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      7245030350                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   22327727                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     39897704                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             34442703                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses               8415572                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     712851                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      2473405                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    34442703                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                      8415572                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           66722448                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          26413931                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            14090695                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes            7487124                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            16946922                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           12300275                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      8911920                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    6422978                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   2488942                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              7159289243.875288                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              85741106.124712                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.011834                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.988166                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          3410857                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               142425      0.36%      0.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 26954769     67.56%     67.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  216729      0.54%     68.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    41822      0.10%     68.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                3630359      9.10%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 6422978     16.10%     93.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                2488942      6.24%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  39898072                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      7244448073                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                 1996777618                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   3397164570                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           2761719924                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses            1010109060                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   50021024                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts    200134657                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  2761719924                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                   1010109060                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         5226832736                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        2055932863                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads          1701931631                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          899781682                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads          1290702363                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes         1040730997                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    739259684                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  572424001                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                 166835683                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              82240915.289736                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              7162207157.710264                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.988648                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.011352                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        261606503                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1527587      0.04%      0.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu               2192490425     64.54%     64.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                24041560      0.71%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   210892      0.01%     65.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              439634669     12.94%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               572424001     16.85%     95.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite              166835683      4.91%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                3397164833                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      7244663952                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    3724455                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      7755619                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              7596053                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3108                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     209423                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       550281                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     7596053                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                         3108                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           15471619                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           6240915                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                5061                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes               2445                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             4267198                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            2371130                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1868240                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    1155012                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    713228                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              7228014753.004004                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              16649198.995995                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.002298                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.997702                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           828780                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               120017      1.55%      1.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  5714135     73.68%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   12683      0.16%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    38415      0.50%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                   2342      0.03%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 1155012     14.89%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 713228      9.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   7755832                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      7243703772                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    4613085                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      9357789                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              9185711                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                 12361                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     239582                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       686107                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     9185711                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                        12361                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           18572146                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           7528970                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               20106                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               9746                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             5142156                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            2964758                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      2198382                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    1366481                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    831901                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              7222534744.035758                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              21169027.964243                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.002922                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.997078                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1007791                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               116072      1.24%      1.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  6979980     74.59%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   17233      0.18%     76.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    37396      0.40%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   9003      0.10%     76.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     76.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 1366481     14.60%     91.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 831901      8.89%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   9358082                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7128                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7128                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                8703                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               8703                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               913                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              913                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1766                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          194                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2312                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4792                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         9674                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        15678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1156                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2312                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   33488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3532                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          260                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         7244                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         4837                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        16809                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3564                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          868                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4564                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         9014                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          578                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         9068                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    46951                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               241500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              7737484                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             8075500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             3227486                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             3031973                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             3203993                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             3226494                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1316494                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             3635000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy            12877000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             4577500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             4210000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           47                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       192512                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           47                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   7191728053                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000413                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  7191726826    100.00%    100.00% |        1227      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   7191728053                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     7191728053                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.020177                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.003292                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         0.738431                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  7191696063    100.00%    100.00% |       30644      0.00%    100.00% |         213      0.00%    100.00% |         247      0.00%    100.00% |         642      0.00%    100.00% |         244      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       7191728053                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   7183525905                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  7183525905    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   7183525905                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      8202148                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    18.691324                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.838599                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    12.863966                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     8170158     99.61%     99.61% |       30644      0.37%     99.98% |         213      0.00%     99.99% |         247      0.00%     99.99% |         642      0.01%    100.00% |         244      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      8202148                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      8820333                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses       101760                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      8922093                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits     30879613                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        85354                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses     30964967                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits    736659007                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      2602660                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    739261667                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits   2807527568                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses      1196237                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses   2808723805                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           170                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1820431                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        49552                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1869983                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      4894245                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        40264                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4934509                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      2141509                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        62726                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      2204235                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      6063294                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        52185                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      6115479                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             4                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      4040766                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses       149972                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      4190738                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.011338                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::0       187114                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::2        18950                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       145204                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        49316                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2        20203                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        56191                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       327338                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        26396                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2894                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       294592                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      1496912                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1364400                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     10454688                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      3550752                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       161624                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      4045752                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2618704                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       211168                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        23152                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      2356736                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.226860                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::0      3798897                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::2        21107                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3752065                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        42094                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::2         8287                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1552767                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      7572332                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        16527                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          477                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      6032296                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     30391176                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1519704                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    270148680                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      3030768                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        66296                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    111799224                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     60578656                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       132216                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         3816                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     48258368                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.005694                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::0        89816                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::2         7062                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        65348                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        44093                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2        11502                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        20570                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       143602                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        26843                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3717                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       141047                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       718528                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       508464                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      4705056                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      3174696                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        92016                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1481040                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1148816                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       214744                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        29736                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1128376                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.006835                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::0       114911                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::2        16556                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        78149                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        36757                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2        13154                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        30567                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       190800                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        16713                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         7121                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       179744                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       919288                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1192032                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5626728                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2646504                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       105232                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      2200824                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1526400                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       133704                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        56968                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1437952                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.248501                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::0      4190738                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::1        63595                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::2       128241                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      4040766                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2        24798                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1680723                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8234072                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        41256                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        86479                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          993                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0        11481                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      6711307                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     33525904                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       508760                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      9233352                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    290935152                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       198384                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    121012056                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     65872576                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       330048                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       691832                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         7944                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        91848                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     53690456                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.000860                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::1        16800                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::2        17055                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         5409                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        11607                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          262                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        16822                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       134400                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1227960                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       389448                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        92856                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         2096                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       134576                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.000809                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::1        15724                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::2        15980                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         5148                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        11075                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          251                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        15735                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       125792                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1150560                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       370656                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        88600                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         2008                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       125880                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.000800                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::1        15533                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::2        15789                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         5098                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10964                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        15533                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       124264                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1136808                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       367056                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        87712                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         1920                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       124264                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.000795                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::1        15538                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::2        15794                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         4973                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        10714                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        15538                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       124304                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1137168                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       358056                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        85712                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         1920                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       124304                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.000034                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::2           74                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2           22                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3104                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         5328                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1584                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24832                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        48128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.045685                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::0      4190738                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::1        63595                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::2       128304                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      4040766                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        86141                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2        38972                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1680723                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8234072                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        44360                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        86479                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          993                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0        14209                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      6711307                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     33525904                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       508760                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      9237888                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    290935152                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      6202152                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       311776                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    121012056                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     65872576                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       354880                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        48128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       691832                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         7944                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0       113672                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     53690456                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control     12762999                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data       384912                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data     12122298                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data       258423                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control       116916                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      5042169                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     24853344                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Forwarded_Control       262416                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Invalidate_Control        39899                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control     20133921                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control    102103992                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data     27713664                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data    872805456                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data     18606456                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control       935328                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    363036168                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    198826752                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Forwarded_Control      2099328                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Invalidate_Control       319192                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control    161071368                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.013072                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        18944                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       145204                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        22946                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        17289                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       163669                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        26396                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2894                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1363968                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     10454688                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1652112                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       138312                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1309352                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       211168                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        23152                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.009603                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       187114                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        26370                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2914                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        56191                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       163669                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       294592                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      1496912                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1898640                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        23312                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      4045752                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1309352                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      2356736                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.262264                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        21033                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3752065                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        25720                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         7810                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3786166                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        16527                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          477                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1514376                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    270148680                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1851840                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        62480                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     30289328                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       132216                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         3816                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.191457                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0      3798897                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2           74                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        16374                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          477                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1552767                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3786166                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      6032296                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     30391176                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         5328                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1178928                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3816                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    111799224                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     30289328                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     48258368                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006334                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         7062                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        65348                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        17328                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         7785                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        71801                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        26843                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3717                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       508464                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      4705056                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1247616                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        62280                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       574408                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       214744                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        29736                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.005055                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        89816                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        26765                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3717                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        20570                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        71801                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       141047                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       718528                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1927080                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        29736                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1481040                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       574408                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1128376                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.007997                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        16556                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        78149                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        20125                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         6031                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        95400                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        16713                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         7121                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1192032                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5626728                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1449000                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        48248                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       763200                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       133704                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        56968                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.005673                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       114911                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        16632                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         7123                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        30567                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        95400                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       179744                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       919288                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1197504                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        56984                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      2200824                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       763200                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1437952                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.210438                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0      4190738                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        63675                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2           57                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1660095                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4117036                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        20628                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          993                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      6647679                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     33525904                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      4584600                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          456                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    119526840                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     32936288                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       165024                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         7944                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     53181432                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.286564                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1        63595                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        64566                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      4040766                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        24741                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        20628                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4117036                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        20628                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        86479                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0        11481                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        63628                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       508760                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      4648752                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    290935152                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       197928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1485216                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     32936288                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       165024                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       691832                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        91848                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       509024                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000631                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1        16800                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         5409                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6198                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        16822                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       134400                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        17280                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       389448                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        49584                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       134576                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001089                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        16815                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         5409                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          262                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1210680                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        43272                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         2096                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000598                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1        15724                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         5148                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         5927                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        15735                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       125792                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        17280                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       370656                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        47416                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       125880                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001020                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        15740                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         5148                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          251                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1133280                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        41184                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         2008                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000592                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1        15533                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         5098                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         5866                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        15533                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       124264                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        17280                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       367056                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        46928                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       124264                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001008                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        15549                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         5098                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1119528                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        40784                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         1920                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000583                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1        15538                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         4973                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         5741                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        15538                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       124304                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        17280                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       358056                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        45928                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       124304                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001007                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        15554                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         4973                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1119888                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        39784                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         1920                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000027                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2           74                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2           22                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         5328                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1584                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000042                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3104                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24832                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.013072                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        18944                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       145204                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        22946                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        17289                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       163669                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        26396                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2894                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1363968                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     10454688                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1652112                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       138312                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1309352                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       211168                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        23152                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.262264                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        21033                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3752065                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        25720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         7810                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3786166                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        16527                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          477                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1514376                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    270148680                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1851840                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        62480                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     30289328                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       132216                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         3816                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.link_utilization     0.006334                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2         7062                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        65348                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        17328                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         7785                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        71801                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        26843                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3717                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       508464                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      4705056                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1247616                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        62280                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       574408                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       214744                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        29736                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.link_utilization     0.007997                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2        16556                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        78149                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        20125                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         6031                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        95400                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        16713                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         7121                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1192032                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5626728                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1449000                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        48248                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       763200                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       133704                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        56968                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.link_utilization     0.210438                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::0      4190738                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2        63675                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2           57                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1660095                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4117036                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1        20628                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          993                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      6647679                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     33525904                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      4584600                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          456                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    119526840                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     32936288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1       165024                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1         7944                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     53181432                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.link_utilization     0.000631                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::1        16800                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::2          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         5409                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6198                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        16822                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       134400                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        17280                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       389448                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        49584                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       134576                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.link_utilization     0.000598                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::1        15724                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::2          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         5148                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         5927                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        15735                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       125792                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        17280                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       370656                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        47416                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       125880                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.link_utilization     0.000592                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::1        15533                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::2          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         5098                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         5866                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        15533                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       124264                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        17280                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       367056                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        46928                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       124264                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.link_utilization     0.000583                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Request_Control::1        15538                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::2          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         4973                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         5741                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        15538                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1       124304                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        17280                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       358056                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        45928                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       124304                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.link_utilization     0.000027                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::2           74                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2           22                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         5328                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1584                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle10.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples   1148653901                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.048470                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.008044                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.113870                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |  1148639356    100.00%    100.00% |       14076      0.00%    100.00% |          78      0.00%    100.00% |         101      0.00%    100.00% |         214      0.00%    100.00% |          76      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total    1148653901                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1145445589                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1145445589    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1145445589                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3208312                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    18.353363                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.609078                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    11.996030                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     3193767     99.55%     99.55% |       14076      0.44%     99.99% |          78      0.00%     99.99% |         101      0.00%     99.99% |         214      0.01%    100.00% |          76      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3208312                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    339995482                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.128265                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.019658                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      2.107014                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   339984975    100.00%    100.00% |        9849      0.00%    100.00% |          97      0.00%    100.00% |          90      0.00%    100.00% |         337      0.00%    100.00% |         134      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     339995482                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    337740105                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   337740105    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    337740105                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2255377                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    20.335842                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.815333                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    17.258517                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     2244870     99.53%     99.53% |        9849      0.44%     99.97% |          97      0.00%     99.98% |          90      0.00%     99.98% |         337      0.01%     99.99% |         134      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2255377                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   5690789321                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.007804                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001343                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.400561                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  5690783262    100.00%    100.00% |        5877      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |          50      0.00%    100.00% |          80      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   5690789321                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   5688106409                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  5688106409    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   5688106409                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2682912                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    17.553774                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.227843                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.150717                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     2676853     99.77%     99.77% |        5877      0.22%     99.99% |          25      0.00%     99.99% |          50      0.00%    100.00% |          80      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2682912                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples     11689607                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.070564                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.010057                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.501625                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |    11689308    100.00%    100.00% |         292      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total     11689607                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     11651268                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    11651268    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     11651268                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        38339                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    22.515037                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    21.137210                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    15.038027                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       38040     99.22%     99.22% |         292      0.76%     99.98% |           3      0.01%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           3      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        38339                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       299871                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.951022                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.212836                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    11.636335                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      299291     99.81%     99.81% |         550      0.18%     99.99% |          10      0.00%     99.99% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       299871                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       282663                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      282663    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       282663                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        17208                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.999012                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    28.863812                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    35.637838                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       16628     96.63%     96.63% |         550      3.20%     99.83% |          10      0.06%     99.88% |           6      0.03%     99.92% |           8      0.05%     99.97% |           6      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        17208                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       299871                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      299871    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       299871                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       299871                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      299871    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       299871                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |        9005     25.66%     25.66% |        8775     25.00%     50.66% |        8721     24.85%     75.50% |        8598     24.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total        35099                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |        7795     27.35%     27.35% |        6949     24.39%     51.74% |        6812     23.91%     75.65% |        6940     24.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total        28496                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |        5403     26.21%     26.21% |        5146     24.96%     51.17% |        5095     24.71%     75.88% |        4973     24.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total        20617                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS |           6     54.55%     54.55% |           2     18.18%     72.73% |           3     27.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS::total           11                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock |        6101     27.23%     27.23% |        5453     24.34%     51.57% |        5353     23.89%     75.46% |        5498     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock::total        22405                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock |        1694     27.81%     27.81% |        1496     24.56%     52.37% |        1459     23.95%     76.33% |        1442     23.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock::total         6091                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |        9757     25.60%     25.60% |        9527     25.00%     50.60% |        9473     24.86%     75.46% |        9350     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total        38107                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback |        5409     26.22%     26.22% |        5148     24.96%     51.18% |        5098     24.71%     75.89% |        4973     24.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback::total        20628                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       16815     26.41%     26.41% |       15740     24.73%     51.14% |       15549     24.43%     75.57% |       15554     24.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total        63658                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |        6161     26.07%     26.07% |        5900     24.96%     51.03% |        5850     24.75%     75.78% |        5725     24.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total        23636                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          37     38.54%     38.54% |          27     28.12%     66.67% |          16     16.67%     83.33% |          16     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           96                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         752     25.00%     25.00% |         752     25.00%     50.00% |         752     25.00%     75.00% |         752     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         3008                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK |          22     66.67%     66.67% |          11     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK::total           33                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |         240     25.00%     25.00% |         240     25.00%     50.00% |         240     25.00%     75.00% |         240     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total          960                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |        6235     25.19%     25.19% |        6247     25.23%     50.42% |        6205     25.06%     75.48% |        6069     24.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total        24756                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS  |        6101     27.23%     27.23% |        5453     24.34%     51.57% |        5353     23.89%     75.46% |        5498     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS::total        22405                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack |        5405     26.20%     26.20% |        5152     24.97%     51.18% |        5097     24.71%     75.88% |        4975     24.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack::total        20629                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          15     23.81%     23.81% |          16     25.40%     49.21% |          16     25.40%     74.60% |          16     25.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           63                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         512     25.00%     25.00% |         512     25.00%     50.00% |         512     25.00%     75.00% |         512     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2048                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX  |        2770     26.78%     26.78% |        2528     24.44%     51.22% |        2516     24.33%     75.55% |        2529     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX::total        10343                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS  |        1694     27.81%     27.81% |        1496     24.56%     52.37% |        1459     23.95%     76.33% |        1442     23.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS::total         6091                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack |           6     54.55%     54.55% |           2     18.18%     72.73% |           3     27.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack::total           11                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |        5403     26.21%     26.21% |        5146     24.96%     51.17% |        5095     24.71%     75.88% |        4973     24.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total        20617                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS |           6     54.55%     54.55% |           2     18.18%     72.73% |           3     27.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS::total           11                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          22     66.67%     66.67% |          11     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           33                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         240     25.00%     25.00% |         240     25.00%     50.00% |         240     25.00%     75.00% |         240     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          960                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock |        6101     27.23%     27.23% |        5453     24.34%     51.57% |        5353     23.89%     75.46% |        5498     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock::total        22405                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data |        6101     27.23%     27.23% |        5453     24.34%     51.57% |        5353     23.89%     75.46% |        5498     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data::total        22405                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock |        1694     27.81%     27.81% |        1496     24.56%     52.37% |        1459     23.95%     76.33% |        1442     23.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock::total         6091                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data |        1694     27.81%     27.81% |        1496     24.56%     52.37% |        1459     23.95%     76.33% |        1442     23.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data::total         6091                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock |        9005     25.66%     25.66% |        8775     25.00%     50.66% |        8721     24.85%     75.50% |        8598     24.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock::total        35099                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data |        9005     25.66%     25.66% |        8775     25.00%     50.66% |        8721     24.85%     75.50% |        8598     24.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data::total        35099                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback |        5403     26.21%     26.21% |        5146     24.96%     51.17% |        5095     24.71%     75.88% |        4973     24.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback::total        20617                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback |           6     54.55%     54.55% |           2     18.18%     72.73% |           3     27.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback::total           11                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_M.Memory_Data |          15     23.81%     23.81% |          16     25.40%     49.21% |          16     25.40%     74.60% |          16     25.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_M.Memory_Data::total           63                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock |         752     25.00%     25.00% |         752     25.00%     50.00% |         752     25.00%     75.00% |         752     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock::total         3008                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack |         750     25.03%     25.03% |         746     24.90%     49.93% |         750     25.03%     74.97% |         750     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack::total         2996                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.OI_D.Data |         240     25.00%     25.00% |         240     25.00%     50.00% |         240     25.00%     75.00% |         240     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.OI_D.Data::total          960                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK |          22     66.67%     66.67% |          11     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK::total           33                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          96    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           96                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          96    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             96                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack       |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks      |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          96    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           96                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          96    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           96                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks::total         3008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     6278840      1.09%      1.09% |   566705166     98.50%     99.59% |     1079199      0.19%     99.78% |     1284332      0.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    575347537                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    30964975      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072223307776    100.00%    100.00% |     4934509      0.00%    100.00% |     6115479      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072265322496                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     2643268      1.49%      1.49% |   172556514     97.54%     99.03% |      790790      0.45%     99.48% |      919945      0.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total    176910517                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      170668      4.12%      4.12% |     3789017     91.52%     95.65% |       78474      1.90%     97.54% |      101789      2.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      4139948                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX  |          20      7.75%      7.75% |          79     30.62%     38.37% |          78     30.23%     68.60% |          81     31.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX::total          258                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        5147     20.88%     20.88% |        5962     24.18%     45.06% |        8690     35.25%     80.30% |        4856     19.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        24655                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |       22130     34.00%     34.00% |       10925     16.79%     50.79% |       19457     29.90%     80.68% |       12572     19.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        65084                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA   |          20     90.91%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           2      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        2894     20.37%     20.37% |         477      3.36%     23.72% |        3717     26.16%     49.88% |        7121     50.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        14209                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       17289     44.43%     44.43% |        7810     20.07%     64.50% |        7785     20.01%     84.50% |        6031     15.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        38915                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |      126062      5.02%      5.02% |     2241924     89.28%     94.30% |       60435      2.41%     96.71% |       82666      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      2511087                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |       61032      3.63%      3.63% |     1556894     92.71%     96.34% |       29303      1.74%     98.08% |       32164      1.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      1679393                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |      107478      4.37%      4.37% |     2233399     90.90%     95.28% |       51231      2.09%     97.36% |       64833      2.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      2456941                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data |       56191      3.38%      3.38% |     1552767     93.53%     96.92% |       20570      1.24%     98.16% |       30567      1.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      1660095                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       42235      3.58%      3.58% |     1103374     93.62%     97.20% |       14294      1.21%     98.42% |       18668      1.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total      1178571                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout |       61052      3.63%      3.63% |     1556973     92.70%     96.33% |       29381      1.75%     98.08% |       32245      1.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout::total      1679651                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       59525      3.63%      3.63% |     1499286     91.52%     95.16% |       35258      2.15%     97.31% |       44058      2.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      1638127                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       85354      6.21%      6.21% |     1196237     87.06%     93.27% |       40264      2.93%     96.20% |       52185      3.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total      1374040                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       34231      2.95%      2.95% |     1100285     94.76%     97.71% |       11848      1.02%     98.73% |       14759      1.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      1161123                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        6995     30.56%     30.56% |        2849     12.44%     43.00% |        6663     29.10%     72.11% |        6386     27.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        22893                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |     2100815      1.02%      1.02% |   203508505     98.68%     99.70% |      278129      0.13%     99.83% |      348728      0.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total    206236177                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    30879613      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072222111744    100.00%    100.00% |     4894245      0.00%    100.00% |     6063294      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total 18446744072263950336                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        7984     46.45%     46.45% |        3010     17.51%     63.96% |        2368     13.78%     77.73% |        3828     22.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        17190                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      115227      4.65%      4.65% |     2238254     90.28%     94.92% |       54315      2.19%     97.11% |       71536      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      2479332                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS |         835     33.57%     33.57% |         417     16.77%     50.34% |         590     23.72%     74.07% |         645     25.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS::total         2487                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2894     20.37%     20.37% |         477      3.36%     23.72% |        3717     26.16%     49.88% |        7121     50.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        14209                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |        2752     14.01%     14.01% |        2634     13.41%     27.41% |       12896     65.64%     93.05% |        1366      6.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total        19648                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |          20      7.75%      7.75% |          79     30.62%     38.37% |          78     30.23%     68.60% |          81     31.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total          258                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement |         193     24.28%     24.28% |         221     27.80%     52.08% |         193     24.28%     76.35% |         188     23.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement::total          795                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX |        3530     20.62%     20.62% |        3034     17.73%     38.35% |        7191     42.01%     80.36% |        3362     19.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX::total        17117                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS |        9146     38.06%     38.06% |        3711     15.44%     53.51% |        6861     28.55%     82.06% |        4310     17.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS::total        24028                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      393752      1.67%      1.67% |    23086596     97.86%     99.53% |       46927      0.20%     99.73% |       63993      0.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     23591268                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |        6803      2.83%      2.83% |      226371     94.27%     97.11% |        3149      1.31%     98.42% |        3802      1.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total       240125                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |        6377      3.50%      3.50% |      167668     92.12%     95.62% |        3375      1.85%     97.48% |        4595      2.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       182015                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         222     17.04%     17.04% |         549     42.13%     59.17% |         255     19.57%     78.74% |         277     21.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         1303                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        3708     20.50%     20.50% |        3271     18.08%     38.58% |        7462     41.25%     79.82% |        3650     20.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total        18091                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |       10862      9.09%      9.09% |       88162     73.78%     82.87% |       11889      9.95%     92.82% |        8576      7.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total       119489                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |        1725      2.90%      2.90% |       55737     93.72%     96.62% |         853      1.43%     98.06% |        1156      1.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total        59471                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          10     90.91%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX |           3      4.00%      4.00% |           0      0.00%      4.00% |          72     96.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX::total           75                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS |           9      2.20%      2.20% |         140     34.15%     36.34% |         247     60.24%     96.59% |          14      3.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS::total          410                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout |       17092      3.87%      3.87% |      397862     90.09%     93.96% |       14234      3.22%     97.19% |       12421      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout::total       441609                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |     3708489      1.08%      1.08% |   338496352     98.48%     99.56% |      692803      0.20%     99.76% |      815617      0.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total    343713261                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |     2493679      1.43%      1.43% |   170180137     97.68%     99.11% |      721291      0.41%     99.52% |      830764      0.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total    174225871                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       41872      2.88%      2.88% |     1380023     94.85%     97.73% |       13918      0.96%     98.69% |       19081      1.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      1454894                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |        1392     22.66%     22.66% |        2379     38.73%     61.39% |        1160     18.88%     80.27% |        1212     19.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         6143                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        7523     44.17%     44.17% |        3087     18.13%     62.30% |        3246     19.06%     81.36% |        3174     18.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        17030                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA |          20     90.91%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           2      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |        2630      8.92%      8.92% |       23618     80.07%     88.99% |        1291      4.38%     93.37% |        1957      6.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total        29496                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |       98826      8.19%      8.19% |      990895     82.13%     90.32% |       51203      4.24%     94.57% |       65550      5.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total      1206474                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement |           4     50.00%     50.00% |           2     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          12     70.59%     70.59% |           5     29.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX::total           17                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS |         909     29.92%     29.92% |         299      9.84%     39.76% |        1051     34.60%     74.36% |         779     25.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total         3038                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout |       43960      3.55%      3.55% |     1159111     93.62%     97.18% |       15147      1.22%     98.40% |       19824      1.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total      1238042                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        9130     42.67%     42.67% |        4279     20.00%     62.66% |        4264     19.93%     82.59% |        3725     17.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        21398                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |       34231      2.95%      2.95% |     1100285     94.76%     97.71% |       11848      1.02%     98.73% |       14759      1.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total      1161123                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        7373     49.99%     49.99% |        2667     18.08%     68.08% |        2720     18.44%     86.52% |        1988     13.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        14748                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data |        7984     46.45%     46.45% |        3010     17.51%     63.96% |        2368     13.78%     77.73% |        3828     22.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data::total        17190                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX |          20      7.75%      7.75% |          79     30.62%     38.37% |          78     30.23%     68.60% |          81     31.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX::total          258                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         786     28.39%     28.39% |         864     31.20%     59.59% |         801     28.93%     88.52% |         318     11.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total         2769                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks |       42235      3.58%      3.58% |     1103374     93.62%     97.20% |       14294      1.21%     98.42% |       18668      1.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks::total      1178571                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |      126062      5.02%      5.02% |     2241924     89.28%     94.30% |       60435      2.41%     96.71% |       82666      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      2511087                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |       18817      3.76%      3.76% |      453599     90.52%     94.28% |       15087      3.01%     97.29% |       13577      2.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total       501080                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load   |           7     18.42%     18.42% |          13     34.21%     52.63% |           0      0.00%     52.63% |          18     47.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load::total           38                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch |           8     80.00%     80.00% |           2     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack |      107478      4.37%      4.37% |     2233399     90.90%     95.28% |       51231      2.09%     97.36% |       64833      2.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack::total      2456941                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |        7749     34.61%     34.61% |        4855     21.68%     56.29% |        3084     13.77%     70.06% |        6703     29.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total        22391                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |         193     24.28%     24.28% |         221     27.80%     52.08% |         193     24.28%     76.35% |         188     23.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total          795                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           8     24.24%     24.24% |           0      0.00%     24.24% |           6     18.18%     42.42% |          19     57.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total           33                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |       48249      2.95%      2.95% |     1547691     94.55%     97.50% |       17293      1.06%     98.55% |       23676      1.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      1636909                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        3012566      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        1178580      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTO            795      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        1636909      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS_only      2033658      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS         445674      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX           960      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA             33      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IntAck              35      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.All_Acks         35134      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data             63595      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive           80      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBCLEANDATA        22391      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      1637704      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack        20628      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock        4968028      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      1679651      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.DmaAck              22      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement        34513      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS        28496      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX        25021      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETS         2487      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETX         6608      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS_only        20549      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS         1842      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETS        35121      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETX         7444      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTX      1636909      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.Fwd_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.Fwd_DMA           22      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETS        13049      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETX         1795      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTO          383      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.Fwd_GETX           50      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETS        10979      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETX        15502      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTO          412      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only        15295      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS         4194      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.Fwd_GETX           28      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS      1998331      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETX         1959      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement        13336      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETS         9121      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETX          226      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only          187      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS         8852      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.Fwd_GETX            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L2_Replacement           11      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETS       430533      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETX         1511      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS_only      1997627      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS       430786      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L2_Replacement          549      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS       484050      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX      1118505      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX          873      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_DMA           11      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement        20617      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFGX.Data_Exclusive           52      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFGXX.IntAck           28      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFGXX.All_Acks           28      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFGXX.Data_Exclusive           28      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSF.IntAck            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSF.All_Acks            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          383      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.Unblock        15295      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          412      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.Unblock         4194      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.Unblock       430786      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA         1842      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA        20549      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.Unblock      1997627      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.Unblock          187      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.Unblock         8852      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      1636909      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.Unblock         2487      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Unblock        13049      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock          226      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETS          145      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETX            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Unblock        18091      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock        26269      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.Unblock        10979      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETS          130      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock        15502      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.L1_GETS          114      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Data         28496      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Unblock        28496      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.Data         26980      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.Data         8119      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.All_Acks        35099      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock        35099      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock      1118505      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.Unblock      1998331      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.Exclusive_Unblock       484050      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.Unblock         9121      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.Unblock       430533      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack        20617      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSI.Writeback_Ack           11      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXD.DmaAck           22      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
