
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.935787                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3935787372000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               56133310791001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 162717                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   228122                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              284559866                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1935760                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 13831.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2250563849                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3155182218                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     59856384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          59856384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     25202752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       25202752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       935256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             935256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       393793                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            393793                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     15208236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             15208236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      6403484                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             6403484                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21611720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            21611720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     935256                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    393793                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   935256                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  393793                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              59800320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  56064                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               25201984                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               59856384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            25202752                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   876                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            62518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            60302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            64963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            66129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            68804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            61765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            56048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            55731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            52948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            53063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           53507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           54128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           51519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           51011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           62660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           59284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            26044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            25074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            26862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            27604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            28173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            25413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            23991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            23960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            22886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            22588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           22936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           23266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           22109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           21955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           26258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           24662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 3935787467000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               935256                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              393793                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 934102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    278                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 18051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 18622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 21489                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 22567                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 22563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 22428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 22385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 22349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 22366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 22386                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 22344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 22329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 22339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 22361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 22330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 22288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 22278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 22273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       755717                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   112.478084                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    88.467824                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   129.105530                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       512846     67.86%     67.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       191177     25.30%     93.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        22475      2.97%     96.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6301      0.83%     96.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         8585      1.14%     98.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         5075      0.67%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1919      0.25%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          869      0.11%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         6470      0.86%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       755717                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        22272                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     42.333827                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    76.154344                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-511        22267     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        22272                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        22272                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.680541                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.661719                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.801643                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16            3718     16.69%     16.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             460      2.07%     18.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           17425     78.24%     97.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19             598      2.68%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              51      0.23%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21              13      0.06%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               4      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::25               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::32               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        22272                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 10887791250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            28407416250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                4671900000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    11652.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               30402.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       15.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        6.40                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    15.21                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     6.40                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  469489                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 102947                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                50.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               26.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   2961356.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   43.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              3046143240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              1662082125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             3906271200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            1342079280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        257301354960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        425807081190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1990115039250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2683180051245                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           681.116763                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3306849419000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 131424540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 497509764500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              2687580000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              1466437500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             3448029000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            1209504960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        257301354960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        412874780400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        2001459162750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2680446849570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           680.422949                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3325952387000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 131424540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 478409485750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     59624192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          59624192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     25122496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       25122496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       931628                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             931628                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       392539                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            392539                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     15149241                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             15149241                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      6383093                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             6383093                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     21532334                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            21532334                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     931628                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    392539                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   931628                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  392539                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              59575936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  48256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               25120832                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               59624192                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            25122496                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   754                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            62117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            59880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            64821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            65530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            67733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            61878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            55887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            55012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            53142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            53299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           52735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           53737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           52100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           51186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           62338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           59479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            25933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            24861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            26725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            27551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            27680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            25528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            23984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            23762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            22977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            22502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           22767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           23177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           22340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           21968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           26070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           24688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 3935787163000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               931628                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              392539                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 930601                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    272                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 17957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 18488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 21300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 22540                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 22561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 22366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 22317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 22299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 22307                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 22306                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 22297                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 22274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 22284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 22291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 22261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 22219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 22211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 22208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       752348                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   112.576669                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    88.497986                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   129.369878                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       510466     67.85%     67.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       190036     25.26%     93.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        22712      3.02%     96.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6316      0.84%     96.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         8532      1.13%     98.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         5036      0.67%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1863      0.25%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          870      0.12%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         6517      0.87%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       752348                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        22207                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     42.296753                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    76.258317                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-511        22202     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        22207                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        22207                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.675193                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.656176                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.803996                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16            3782     17.03%     17.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             441      1.99%     19.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           17307     77.93%     96.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19             596      2.68%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              61      0.27%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21              11      0.05%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               4      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               5      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        22207                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 10810685250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            28264572750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                4654370000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    11613.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               30363.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       15.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        6.38                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    15.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     6.38                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  468134                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 102905                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                50.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               26.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   2972274.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   43.15                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              3022367040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              1649109000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             3879353400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            1335035520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        257301354960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        425018422350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1990806845250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2683012487520                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           681.074228                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3308028925750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 131424540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 496335136250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              2685410280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              1465253625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             3447397200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            1208448720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        257301354960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        413726209065                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        2000712295500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2680546369350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           680.448211                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3324674448500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 131424540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 479686875250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      7869618963                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    4135262                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      8711329                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              8537868                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1814                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     240116                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       621229                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     8537868                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         1814                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           17296659                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           7036588                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                3048                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               1440                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             4945260                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            2718574                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      2024995                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    1256483                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    768512                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              7851252730.434489                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              18366232.565511                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.002334                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.997666                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           933151                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               128533      1.48%      1.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  6499845     74.61%     76.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   14315      0.16%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    42363      0.49%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   1368      0.02%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 1256483     14.42%     91.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 768512      8.82%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   8711419                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      7874902278                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    2791402                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      5997954                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              5868335                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                   154                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     166457                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       418065                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     5868335                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                          154                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           11936974                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           4863763                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                 258                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                126                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             3325065                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            1768392                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1441492                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                     896708                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    544784                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              7862800618.454918                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              12101659.545082                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.001537                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.998463                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           638257                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               108045      1.80%      1.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  4395345     73.28%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   15113      0.25%     75.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    37863      0.63%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                    120      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                  896708     14.95%     90.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 544784      9.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   5997978                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      7873482078                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                 2239439456                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                   3131844561                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses           1364890194                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses            2127680264                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    4833041                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts    125338329                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                  1364890194                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                   2127680264                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads         2745287589                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         828389019                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads          4601234004                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes         2077617833                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           735869510                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          430120102                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                    408304705                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                  353593981                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  54710724                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              4871050.999565                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              7868611027.000435                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.999381                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.000619                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                        163299505                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              2281738      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu               1676592793     53.53%     53.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   78969      0.00%     53.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    99366      0.00%     53.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd             1044495651     33.35%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead               353593981     11.29%     98.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               54710724      1.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                3131853222                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      7867917599                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    2789987                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      6025974                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              5892405                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     166144                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       423638                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     5892405                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           11978671                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           4893515                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             3394746                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            1779864                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1433297                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     891013                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    542284                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              7855802119.485688                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              12115479.514312                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.001540                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.998460                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           644039                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               114322      1.90%      1.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  4424933     73.43%     75.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   12195      0.20%     75.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    41230      0.68%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  891013     14.79%     91.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 542284      9.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   6025977                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  200                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 200                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                4077                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               4077                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                19                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               19                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1982                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2024                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1988                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    8592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3988                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4058                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3964                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3997                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           87                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4151                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          122                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4146                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    16392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                83000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                52495                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              283500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             2485997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             2480499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             2760515                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             2496500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               13998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1544500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1521500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1691000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1720000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           24                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes        98304                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           24                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   3805958673                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000225                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3805958481    100.00%    100.00% |         192      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   3805958673                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     3805958673                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.077893                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.004437                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         3.264132                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  3805027002     99.98%     99.98% |      896901      0.02%    100.00% |        9636      0.00%    100.00% |        6606      0.00%    100.00% |       13244      0.00%    100.00% |        5179      0.00%    100.00% |          79      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       3805958673                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3801377051                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3801377051    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3801377051                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      4581622                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    65.705524                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    39.551800                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    68.329989                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     3649951     79.67%     79.67% |      896901     19.58%     99.24% |        9636      0.21%     99.45% |        6606      0.14%     99.60% |       13244      0.29%     99.88% |        5179      0.11%    100.00% |          79      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      4581622                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1975324                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        51020                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      2026344                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      5421154                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        56647                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5477801                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1411262                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        29904                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1441166                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      3679969                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        35971                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3715940                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits    410740755                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses      4263742                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    415004497                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits   3373071949                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        82086                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses   3373154035                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            37                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1401231                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        31099                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1432330                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      3675407                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        31153                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3706560                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      2640282                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      1941340                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      4581622                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.005929                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::0       107667                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        10407                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        74416                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        42090                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        20398                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        25234                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       176594                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        19256                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2898                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       170730                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       861336                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       749304                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5357952                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      3030480                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       163184                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1816848                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1412752                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       154048                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        23184                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1365840                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.003940                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        65875                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         2967                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        45303                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        47635                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         6757                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         6902                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       100502                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        30052                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2804                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       109224                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       527000                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       213624                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3261816                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      3429720                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        54056                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       496944                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       804016                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       240416                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        22432                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       873792                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.253001                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::0      4345828                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1849837                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2480864                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        18386                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         8373                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      2508448                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      7830304                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         3269                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2680                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      5752532                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     34766624                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    133188264                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    178622208                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1323792                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        66984                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    180608256                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     62642432                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        26152                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        21440                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     46020256                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.003565                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::0        62252                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::2         3610                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        39699                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        40902                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::2        12619                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         7940                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        90646                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        21961                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         5958                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        99635                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       498016                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       259920                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2858328                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2944944                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       100952                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       571680                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       725168                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       175688                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        47664                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       797080                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.354713                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::0      4581622                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1866821                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3733642                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2640282                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::2        19467                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      3333320                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8198046                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1569592                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        74538                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0        11595                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      7998961                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     36652976                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     14934568                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    268822224                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    190100304                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       155736                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    239999040                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     65584368                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     12556736                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       596304                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          152                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        92760                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     63991688                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.046412                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::1       935225                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::2       935256                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       393025                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       786860                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       935236                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      7481800                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     67338432                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     28297800                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6294880                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        12288                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      7481888                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.046241                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Request_Control::1       931596                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::2       931628                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       391771                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       784350                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       931604                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      7452768                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     67077216                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     28207512                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6274800                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        12288                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      7452832                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized     0.000017                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Response_Data::2           63                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1618                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         4536                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1368                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12944                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        24576                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.percent_links_utilized     0.079314                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::0      4581622                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1866821                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3733705                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2640282                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        74516                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::2        33807                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      3333320                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8198046                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1571210                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        74538                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0        14340                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      7998961                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     36652976                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     14934568                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    268826760                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    190100304                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      5365152                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       270456                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    239999040                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     65584368                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     12569680                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        24576                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       596304                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          152                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0       114720                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     63991688                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control     19345329                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     11201115                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data      7920846                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data       223548                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control       101421                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      9999960                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     29316984                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Forwarded_Control       223671                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Invalidate_Control        40275                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control     23996883                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control    154762632                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    806480280                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data    570300912                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data     16095456                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control       811368                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    719997120                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    234535872                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Forwarded_Control      1789368                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Invalidate_Control       322200                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control    191975064                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006968                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        10407                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        74416                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        22839                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        17498                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        88297                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        19256                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2898                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       749304                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5357952                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1644408                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       139984                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       706376                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       154048                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        23184                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004891                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       107667                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        19251                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2900                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        25234                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        88297                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       170730                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       861336                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1386072                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        23200                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1816848                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       706376                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1365840                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004318                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         2967                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        45303                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        17594                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3953                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        50251                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        30052                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2804                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       213624                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3261816                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1266768                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        31624                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       402008                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       240416                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        22432                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003561                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        65875                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        30041                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2804                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         6902                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        50251                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       109224                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       527000                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2162952                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        22432                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       496944                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       402008                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       873792                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.273384                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1849837                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2480864                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        15122                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5676                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3915152                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         3269                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2680                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    133188264                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    178622208                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1088784                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        45408                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     31321216                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        26152                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        21440                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.232619                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0      4345828                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         3264                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2697                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      2508448                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3915152                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      5752532                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     34766624                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       235008                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        21576                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    180608256                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     31321216                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     46020256                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004066                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         3610                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        39699                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        18942                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         6661                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        45323                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        21961                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         5958                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       259920                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2858328                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1363824                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        53288                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       362584                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       175688                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        47664                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003063                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        62252                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        21960                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5958                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         7940                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        45323                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        99635                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       498016                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1581120                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        47664                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       571680                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       362584                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       797080                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.351491                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0      4581622                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1866821                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      2548524                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4099023                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       784796                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      6132121                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     36652976                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    134411112                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          152                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    183493728                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     32792184                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6278368                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          152                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     49056968                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.357934                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1866821                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1866821                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2640282                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        19448                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       784796                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4099023                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       784796                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        74538                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0        11595                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1866840                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     14934568                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    134411112                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    190100304                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       155584                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     56505312                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     32792184                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6278368                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       596304                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        92760                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     14934720                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.036856                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       935225                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       393025                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       393835                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       935236                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      7481800                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     28297800                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3150680                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      7481888                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.055968                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       935256                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       393025                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     67338432                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3144200                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.036730                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       931596                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       391771                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       392579                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       931604                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      7452768                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     28207512                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3140632                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      7452832                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.055752                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       931628                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       391771                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     67077216                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3134168                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000014                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2           63                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         4536                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1368                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        12288                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000020                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1618                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12944                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        12288                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006968                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        10407                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        74416                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        22839                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        17498                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        88297                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        19256                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2898                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       749304                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5357952                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1644408                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       139984                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       706376                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       154048                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        23184                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004318                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         2967                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        45303                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        17594                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3953                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        50251                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        30052                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2804                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       213624                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3261816                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1266768                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        31624                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       402008                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       240416                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        22432                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.link_utilization     0.273384                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1849837                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2480864                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        15122                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5676                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3915152                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         3269                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2680                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    133188264                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    178622208                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1088784                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        45408                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     31321216                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        26152                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        21440                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.link_utilization     0.004066                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2         3610                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        39699                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        18942                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         6661                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        45323                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        21961                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         5958                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       259920                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2858328                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1363824                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        53288                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       362584                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       175688                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        47664                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.link_utilization     0.351491                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::0      4581622                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1866821                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      2548524                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4099023                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       784796                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      6132121                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     36652976                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    134411112                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          152                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    183493728                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     32792184                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6278368                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          152                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     49056968                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.link_utilization     0.036856                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::1       935225                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       393025                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       393835                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       935236                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      7481800                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     28297800                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3150680                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      7481888                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.link_utilization     0.036730                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::1       931596                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       391771                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       392579                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       931604                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      7452768                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     28207512                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3140632                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      7452832                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.link_utilization     0.000014                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::2           63                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         4536                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1368                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        12288                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    362752675                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.513333                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.033063                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      8.237182                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   362029321     99.80%     99.80% |      703258      0.19%     99.99% |        5288      0.00%    100.00% |        4480      0.00%    100.00% |        7504      0.00%    100.00% |        2785      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     362752675                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    359377574                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   359377574    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    359377574                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3375101                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    56.172558                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    32.985675                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    65.397949                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     2651747     78.57%     78.57% |      703258     20.84%     99.40% |        5288      0.16%     99.56% |        4480      0.13%     99.69% |        7504      0.22%     99.92% |        2785      0.08%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3375101                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     56402519                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.827471                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.078788                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     16.350539                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    56203170     99.65%     99.65% |      185205      0.33%     99.97% |        4148      0.01%     99.98% |        2071      0.00%     99.99% |        5539      0.01%    100.00% |        2323      0.00%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      56402519                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     55447499                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    55447499    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     55447499                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       955020                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   108.928603                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    88.139521                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    65.859663                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      755671     79.13%     79.13% |      185205     19.39%     98.52% |        4148      0.43%     98.95% |        2071      0.22%     99.17% |        5539      0.58%     99.75% |        2323      0.24%     99.99% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       955020                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   3386054336                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.001320                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000179                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.276697                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  3386050140    100.00%    100.00% |        4001      0.00%    100.00% |          62      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          81      0.00%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   3386054336                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3385848479                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3385848479    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3385848479                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       205857                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    22.706806                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.852879                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    28.074369                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      201661     97.96%     97.96% |        4001      1.94%     99.91% |          62      0.03%     99.94% |          24      0.01%     99.95% |          81      0.04%     99.99% |          28      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       205857                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       434079                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.801025                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.197357                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    12.356657                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      433303     99.82%     99.82% |         710      0.16%     99.98% |          21      0.00%     99.99% |           7      0.00%     99.99% |          26      0.01%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       434079                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       409707                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      409707    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       409707                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        24372                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.077261                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    24.728859                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    41.813004                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       23596     96.82%     96.82% |         710      2.91%     99.73% |          21      0.09%     99.82% |           7      0.03%     99.84% |          26      0.11%     99.95% |          12      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        24372                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       157532                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    13.181893                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.766623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    39.659398                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      153536     97.46%     97.46% |        3727      2.37%     99.83% |         117      0.07%     99.90% |          24      0.02%     99.92% |          94      0.06%     99.98% |          31      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       157532                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       136260                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      136260    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       136260                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        21272                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    91.214272                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    67.647181                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    67.886261                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       17276     81.21%     81.21% |        3727     17.52%     98.74% |         117      0.55%     99.29% |          24      0.11%     99.40% |          94      0.44%     99.84% |          31      0.15%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        21272                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       157532                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      157532    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       157532                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       157532                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      157532    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       157532                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |      400620     50.08%     50.08% |      399385     49.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total       800005                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |      534605     50.11%     50.11% |      532211     49.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total      1066816                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |      393001     50.08%     50.08% |      391752     49.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total       784753                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS |          24     55.81%     55.81% |          19     44.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS::total           43                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock |      282791     50.08%     50.08% |      281915     49.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock::total       564706                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock |      251814     50.15%     50.15% |      250296     49.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock::total       502110                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      401388     50.08%     50.08% |      400153     49.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       801541                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback |      393025     50.08%     50.08% |      391771     49.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback::total       784796                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      935256     50.10%     50.10% |      931628     49.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1866884                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      393793     50.08%     50.08% |      392539     49.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       786332                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          42     51.22%     51.22% |          40     48.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         768     50.00%     50.00% |         768     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         1536                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK |          11     57.89%     57.89% |           8     42.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK::total           19                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |      141194     50.12%     50.12% |      140538     49.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total       281732                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS  |      282791     50.08%     50.08% |      281915     49.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS::total       564706                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack |      393012     50.08%     50.08% |      391769     49.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack::total       784781                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          31     49.21%     49.21% |          32     50.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           63                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         768     50.00%     50.00% |         768     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         1536                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX  |      259426     50.06%     50.06% |      258847     49.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX::total       518273                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS  |      251814     50.15%     50.15% |      250296     49.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS::total       502110                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack |          24     55.81%     55.81% |          19     44.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack::total           43                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |      393001     50.08%     50.08% |      391752     49.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total       784753                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS |          24     55.81%     55.81% |          19     44.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS::total           43                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          11     57.89%     57.89% |           8     42.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           19                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock |      282791     50.08%     50.08% |      281915     49.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock::total       564706                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data |      282791     50.08%     50.08% |      281915     49.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data::total       564706                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Ack |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock |      251814     50.15%     50.15% |      250296     49.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock::total       502110                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data |      251814     50.15%     50.15% |      250296     49.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data::total       502110                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock |      400620     50.08%     50.08% |      399385     49.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock::total       800005                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data |      400620     50.08%     50.08% |      399385     49.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data::total       800005                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback |      393001     50.08%     50.08% |      391752     49.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback::total       784753                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback |          24     55.81%     55.81% |          19     44.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback::total           43                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_M.Memory_Data |          31     49.21%     49.21% |          32     50.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_M.Memory_Data::total           63                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock |         768     50.00%     50.00% |         768     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock::total         1536                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack |         755     50.13%     50.13% |         751     49.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack::total         1506                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK |          11     57.89%     57.89% |           8     42.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK::total           19                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         1536                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack       |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack::total         1536                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks      |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks::total         1536                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         1536                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack::total         1536                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks::total         1536                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     1159424      0.32%      0.32% |      832406      0.23%      0.55% |   359934276     99.22%     99.77% |      826712      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    362752818                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     5477801      0.00%      0.00% |     3715940      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072787738624    100.00%    100.00% |     3706560      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072800638976                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      866925      1.52%      1.52% |      608760      1.07%      2.58% |    55070358     96.36%     98.94% |      605619      1.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     57151662                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       93509      2.27%      2.27% |       55106      1.34%      3.61% |     3919191     95.16%     98.77% |       50788      1.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      4118594                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX  |           5     22.73%     22.73% |          11     50.00%     72.73% |           5     22.73%     95.45% |           1      4.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        4359     22.44%     22.44% |        8737     44.98%     67.41% |         307      1.58%     69.00% |        6023     31.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        19426                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |       14890     27.03%     27.03% |       21310     38.68%     65.71% |        2943      5.34%     71.05% |       15951     28.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        55094                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA   |           2     10.53%     10.53% |           0      0.00%     10.53% |          17     89.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        2898     20.21%     20.21% |        2804     19.55%     39.76% |        2680     18.69%     58.45% |        5958     41.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        14340                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       17498     51.79%     51.79% |        3953     11.70%     63.49% |        5676     16.80%     80.29% |        6661     19.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        33788                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |       78585      2.87%      2.87% |       50149      1.83%      4.70% |     2558774     93.51%     98.22% |       48812      1.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      2736320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |       29077      1.58%      1.58% |       15715      0.85%      2.43% |     1787049     96.84%     99.27% |       13439      0.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      1845280                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       63063      4.07%      4.07% |       43349      2.80%      6.86% |     1406704     90.73%     97.59% |       37383      2.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      1550499                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data |       25234      0.99%      0.99% |        6902      0.27%      1.26% |     2508448     98.43%     99.69% |        7940      0.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      2548524                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       16526      1.65%      1.65% |        5389      0.54%      2.19% |      972624     97.20%     99.39% |        6125      0.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total      1000664                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout |       29082      1.58%      1.58% |       15726      0.85%      2.43% |     1787054     96.84%     99.27% |       13440      0.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout::total      1845302                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       34494      1.02%      1.02% |       24515      0.73%      1.75% |     3291118     97.51%     99.26% |       24974      0.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      3375101                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       56647     27.52%     27.52% |       35971     17.47%     44.99% |       82086     39.88%     84.87% |       31153     15.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       205857                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       11178      1.97%      1.97% |        3922      0.69%      2.67% |      547298     96.69%     99.36% |        3642      0.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       566040                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        5209     26.77%     26.77% |        4855     24.95%     51.72% |        3929     20.19%     71.91% |        5465     28.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        19458                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      277375      0.18%      0.18% |      199963      0.13%      0.31% |   152431312     99.54%     99.85% |      232771      0.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total    153141421                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     5421154      0.00%      0.00% |     3679969      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072787656704    100.00%    100.00% |     3675407      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total 18446744072800434176                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        5343      1.23%      1.23% |        1456      0.34%      1.56% |      425321     97.86%     99.43% |        2482      0.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       434602                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       70649      3.09%      3.09% |       45731      2.00%      5.09% |     2130481     93.16%     98.25% |       40090      1.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      2286951                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS |        1858     45.11%     45.11% |         627     15.22%     60.33% |         709     17.21%     77.54% |         925     22.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS::total         4119                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2898     20.21%     20.21% |        2804     19.55%     39.76% |        2680     18.69%     58.45% |        5958     41.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        14340                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |          31      0.40%      0.40% |         166      2.16%      2.56% |         158      2.06%      4.62% |        7329     95.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total         7684                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |           5     22.73%     22.73% |          11     50.00%     72.73% |           5     22.73%     95.45% |           1      4.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement |          46     17.76%     17.76% |         103     39.77%     57.53% |          66     25.48%     83.01% |          44     16.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement::total          259                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX |        3878     21.31%     21.31% |        8496     46.68%     67.99% |          37      0.20%     68.19% |        5789     31.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX::total        18200                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS |        1926     10.17%     10.17% |        9832     51.91%     62.07% |          62      0.33%     62.40% |        7122     37.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS::total        18942                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |       43944      0.26%      0.26% |       49836      0.30%      0.56% |    16691403     99.34%     99.90% |       16293      0.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     16801476                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |        4837      4.12%      4.12% |        1180      1.01%      5.13% |      111250     94.76%     99.89% |         131      0.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total       117398                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |        3066      0.48%      0.48% |         260      0.04%      0.52% |      634600     99.28%     99.80% |        1305      0.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       639231                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         368     74.49%     74.49% |          23      4.66%     79.15% |          22      4.45%     83.60% |          81     16.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total          494                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        3950     21.45%     21.45% |        8666     47.06%     68.51% |          75      0.41%     68.92% |        5724     31.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total        18415                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |       10661      1.97%      1.97% |        7014      1.30%      3.26% |      517810     95.62%     98.89% |        6019      1.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total       541504                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |         415      0.60%      0.60% |         158      0.23%      0.83% |       68408     99.05%     99.88% |          84      0.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total        69065                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement |           3      3.80%      3.80% |           0      0.00%      3.80% |          76     96.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement::total           79                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           3     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout |       12141      1.57%      1.57% |       10179      1.31%      2.88% |      746022     96.19%     99.07% |        7231      0.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout::total       775573                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      790745      0.42%      0.42% |      550526      0.29%      0.71% |   186806131     99.00%     99.71% |      538899      0.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total    188686301                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |      803719      1.48%      1.48% |      593739      1.10%      2.58% |    52208113     96.33%     98.91% |      592062      1.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     54197633                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       14536      1.24%      1.24% |        4157      0.35%      1.59% |     1150005     98.07%     99.67% |        3884      0.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      1172582                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         113     15.44%     15.44% |         218     29.78%     45.22% |         248     33.88%     79.10% |         153     20.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total          732                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        7156     52.64%     52.64% |        2179     16.03%     68.66% |        2094     15.40%     84.07% |        2166     15.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        13595                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA |           2     10.53%     10.53% |           0      0.00%     10.53% |          17     89.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |        2169      1.09%      1.09% |         386      0.19%      1.28% |      196207     98.50%     99.79% |         426      0.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total       199188                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |       41428      2.34%      2.34% |        8294      0.47%      2.81% |     1709963     96.78%     99.59% |        7217      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total      1766902                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          34    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement::total           34                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     17.65%     17.65% |           3     17.65%     35.29% |          11     64.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total           17                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout |       16941      1.58%      1.58% |        5547      0.52%      2.10% |     1041032     97.32%     99.42% |        6209      0.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total      1069729                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        7862     46.88%     46.88% |        2793     16.65%     63.54% |        2363     14.09%     77.63% |        3752     22.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        16770                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |       11178      1.97%      1.97% |        3922      0.69%      2.67% |      547298     96.69%     99.36% |        3642      0.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total       566040                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        9404     57.91%     57.91% |        1077      6.63%     64.54% |        2940     18.10%     82.65% |        2818     17.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        16239                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data |        5343      1.23%      1.23% |        1456      0.34%      1.56% |      425321     97.86%     99.43% |        2482      0.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data::total       434602                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX |           5     22.73%     22.73% |          11     50.00%     72.73% |           5     22.73%     95.45% |           1      4.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         232     29.78%     29.78% |          83     10.65%     40.44% |         373     47.88%     88.32% |          91     11.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total          779                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks |       16526      1.65%      1.65% |        5389      0.54%      2.19% |      972624     97.20%     99.39% |        6125      0.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks::total      1000664                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       78585      2.87%      2.87% |       50149      1.83%      4.70% |     2558774     93.51%     98.22% |       48812      1.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      2736320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |       12556      1.49%      1.49% |       10337      1.22%      2.71% |      814430     96.42%     99.13% |        7315      0.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total       844638                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load   |           2      1.85%      1.85% |           0      0.00%      1.85% |         105     97.22%     99.07% |           1      0.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load::total          108                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack |       63063      4.07%      4.07% |       43349      2.80%      6.86% |     1406704     90.73%     97.59% |       37383      2.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack::total      1550499                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |        7586      1.03%      1.03% |        2382      0.32%      1.35% |      723777     98.28%     99.63% |        2707      0.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total       736452                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |          46     17.76%     17.76% |         103     39.77%     57.53% |          66     25.48%     83.01% |          44     16.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total          259                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           3      8.57%      8.57% |           0      0.00%      8.57% |          32     91.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total           35                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |       17602      0.97%      0.97% |        4417      0.24%      1.22% |     1784605     98.50%     99.71% |        5189      0.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      1811813                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        3580968      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        1000664      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTO            259      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        1811813      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS_only      2113394      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS         173557      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA             19      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.All_Acks        800005      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data           1866821      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBCLEANDATA       736452      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      1812072      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack       784796      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock        4286819      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      1845302      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.DmaAck              19      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      1413497      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      1066816      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX       358909      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETS         4119      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETX       337286      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS_only       730379      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS         6073      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETS        32010      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETX         1226      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTX      1811813      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.Fwd_DMA           19      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETS         8053      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETX         1991      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTO           78      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETS        10889      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETX        16231      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTO          181      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only        10125      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS         3418      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS      1461773      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETX        16168      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement       621630      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETS         7643      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETX          100      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only           35      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS         7559      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L2_Replacement           43      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETS       158612      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETX        87642      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS_only      1372855      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS       156507      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L2_Replacement         7071      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS       831043      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       181111      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       784753      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA           78      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.Unblock        10125      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          181      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.Unblock         3418      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.Unblock       156507      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA         6073      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA       730379      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.Unblock      1372855      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.Unblock           35      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.Unblock         7559      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      1811813      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.Unblock         4119      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Unblock         8053      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock          100      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETS            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Unblock        18415      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock        16812      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.Unblock        10889      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock        16231      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Data       1066816      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Unblock      1066816      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.Data        375077      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.Data       424928      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.All_Acks       800005      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock       800005      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock       181111      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.Unblock      1461773      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.Exclusive_Unblock       831043      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.Unblock         7643      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.Unblock       158612      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.L1_GETS            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack       784753      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSI.Writeback_Ack           43      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXD.DmaAck           19      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.952810                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3952809725500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               56150333144501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 162424                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   227999                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              284172932                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2179472                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 13909.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2259300476                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3171441440                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     61348672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          61348672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     26035008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       26035008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       958573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             958573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       406797                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            406797                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     15520269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             15520269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      6586456                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             6586456                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     22106726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            22106726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     958573                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    406797                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   958573                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  406797                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              61291520                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  57152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               26034112                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               61348672                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            26035008                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   893                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            63814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            61517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            67065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            67655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            69779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            62980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            57544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            57404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            54527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            54778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           55382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           55173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           52764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           52343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           64024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           60931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            26810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            25793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            28040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            28609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            28831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            26193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            24751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            24935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            23714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            23409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           23851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           23888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           22770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           22719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           26945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           25525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 3952807416500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               958573                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              406797                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 956629                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   1037                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 18614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 19215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 22198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 23308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 23311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 23172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 23137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 23094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 23111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 23128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 23085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 23072                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 23081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 23101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 23073                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 23027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 23014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 23009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       773312                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   112.923529                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    88.624231                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   130.053738                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       524369     67.81%     67.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       195300     25.26%     93.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        23286      3.01%     96.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6674      0.86%     96.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         8763      1.13%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         5205      0.67%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2037      0.26%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          973      0.13%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         6705      0.87%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       773312                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        23008                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     41.992307                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    75.084678                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-511        23003     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        23008                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        23008                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.680068                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.661029                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.806426                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16            3869     16.82%     16.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             481      2.09%     18.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           17925     77.91%     96.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19             651      2.83%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              60      0.26%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21              15      0.07%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               4      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::25               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::32               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        23008                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 11130772000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            29087272000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                4788400000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    11622.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               30372.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       15.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        6.59                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    15.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     6.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  485006                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 106138                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                50.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               26.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   2895044.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   43.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              3112111800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              1698076875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             3995963400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            1386428400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        258413067120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        431017620480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1995756836250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2695380104325                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           681.270170                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3316203125500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 131992900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 504607969500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              2754584280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              1502997375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             3540069000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            1249408800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        258413067120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        418531519395                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        2006709556500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2692701202470                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           680.593065                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3334651504500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 131992900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 486162261750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     61105984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          61105984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     25945280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       25945280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       954781                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             954781                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       405395                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            405395                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     15458873                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             15458873                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      6563756                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             6563756                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     22022629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            22022629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     954781                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    405395                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   954781                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  405395                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              61056768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  49216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               25944128                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               61105984                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            25945280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   769                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            63388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            61071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            66920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            67078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            68700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            63111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            57361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            56608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            54698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            54948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           54620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           54772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           53356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           52535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           63678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           61168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            26709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            25584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            27910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            28587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            28319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            26316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            24727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            24679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            23756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            23327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           23683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           23783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           22980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           22737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           26727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           25553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 3952808564000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               954781                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              405395                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 952974                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1027                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 18526                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 19080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 21997                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 23273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 23301                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 23103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 23053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 23035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 23042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 23037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 23028                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 23011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 23015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 23022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 22993                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 22947                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 22937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 22934                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       769692                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   113.033390                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    88.654781                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   130.350050                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       521873     67.80%     67.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       193988     25.20%     93.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        23551      3.06%     96.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6680      0.87%     96.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         8723      1.13%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         5173      0.67%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1971      0.26%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          977      0.13%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         6756      0.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       769692                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        22933                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     41.967427                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    75.190034                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-511        22928     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        22933                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        22933                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.676580                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.657373                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.808235                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16            3920     17.09%     17.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             457      1.99%     19.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           17803     77.63%     96.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19             661      2.88%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              71      0.31%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21              12      0.05%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               4      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               5      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        22933                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 11042343498                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            28930068498                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                4770060000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    11574.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               30324.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       15.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        6.56                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    15.46                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     6.56                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  483553                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 106143                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                50.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               26.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   2906100.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   43.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              3087821520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              1684823250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             3968101800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            1379144880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        258413067120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        430157538360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1996511294250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2695201791180                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           681.225101                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3317483458250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 131992900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 503329336250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              2751068880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              1501079250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             3539109600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            1247698080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        258413067120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        419407221510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        2005941396750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2692800641190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           680.618199                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3333339683250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 131992900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 487475678500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      7905619435                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    7255560                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     14369192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             14114483                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  7207                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     361366                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      1011173                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    14114483                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         7207                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           28547444                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          11623795                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               11825                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               5668                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             7932012                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            4919590                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      3266062                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    2035019                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   1231043                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              7873598794.064814                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              32020640.935186                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.004050                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.995950                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          1481881                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               146607      1.02%      1.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 10886496     75.76%     76.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   20676      0.14%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    44361      0.31%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   5301      0.04%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 2035019     14.16%     91.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                1231043      8.57%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  14369503                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      7909058239                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    3358231                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      7098736                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              6946094                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  7670                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     197477                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       488576                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     6946094                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         7670                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           14174200                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           5718656                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               12678                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               6158                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             3832157                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            2086960                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1729098                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1067768                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    661330                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              7893950283.197534                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              15107955.802467                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.001910                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.998090                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           752549                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               117405      1.65%      1.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  5192126     73.14%     74.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   15988      0.23%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    38384      0.54%     75.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   5880      0.08%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1067768     15.04%     90.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 661330      9.32%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   7098881                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      7906936948                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                 2242493777                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                   3137586374                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses           1370572203                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses            2127696799                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    4941526                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts    125797836                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                  1370572203                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                   2127696799                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads         2756497886                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         832929805                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads          4601260665                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes         2077630858                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           738947586                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          432154561                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                    409566227                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                  354327343                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  55238884                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              24392152.355581                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              7882544795.644419                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.996915                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.003085                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                        163937848                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              2304312      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu               1681031022     53.58%     53.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   82470      0.00%     53.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                   103378      0.00%     53.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd             1044507891     33.29%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     80      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead               354327343     11.29%     98.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               55238884      1.76%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                3137595380                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      7905764156                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    4785166                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      9784738                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              9593452                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                 21169                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     246379                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       702804                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     9593452                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                        21169                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           19575476                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           7795910                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               33767                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              16439                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             5311328                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            2845229                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      2388834                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    1437662                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    951172                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              7883857900.039735                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              21906255.960265                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.002771                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.997229                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1044764                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               133568      1.37%      1.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  7190794     73.49%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   13877      0.14%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    42042      0.43%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                  15722      0.16%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 1437662     14.69%     90.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 951172      9.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   9784853                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 5111                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                5111                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                7334                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               7334                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               568                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              568                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1072                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         7732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        12278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          922                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1054                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1070                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          810                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   26026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         2144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         4404                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         3866                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        12892                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          461                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4548                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         7179                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           66                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         7218                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2140                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          405                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4636                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         7223                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    36656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               166000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              4626981                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             6286500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             3063494                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             3060997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             3374502                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             3108991                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              791496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy            10112000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             3331500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             3179000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             3270000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           26                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       106496                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           26                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   7627238736                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000376                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  7627237658    100.00%    100.00% |        1078      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   7627238736                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     7627238736                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.078862                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.004511                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         3.281627                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  7625359423     99.98%     99.98% |     1808694      0.02%    100.00% |       19634      0.00%    100.00% |       13389      0.00%    100.00% |       26867      0.00%    100.00% |       10516      0.00%    100.00% |         159      0.00%    100.00% |          50      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       7627238736                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   7617890137                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  7617890137    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   7617890137                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      9348599                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    65.341460                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    39.323892                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    68.201288                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     7469286     79.90%     79.90% |     1808694     19.35%     99.24% |       19634      0.21%     99.45% |       13389      0.14%     99.60% |       26867      0.29%     99.89% |       10516      0.11%    100.00% |         159      0.00%    100.00% |          50      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      9348599                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      3184142                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        83886                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      3268028                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      9477565                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        72626                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      9550191                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             4                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1687944                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        42206                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1730150                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      4414817                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        41776                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4456593                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits    411967583                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses      4309686                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    416277269                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits   3377082329                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses       113291                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses   3377195620                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            40                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      2335168                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        57505                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      2392673                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      6363538                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        46001                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      6409539                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      2766371                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      2000606                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      4766977                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.008771                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::0       156512                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        19556                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       110020                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        49804                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        22928                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        49928                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       265233                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        22912                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3112                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       239199                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      1252096                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1408032                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      7921440                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      3585888                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       183424                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      3594816                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2121864                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       183296                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        24896                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1913592                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.004966                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        83982                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         6353                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        57677                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        52405                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         7975                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        14183                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       131576                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        32587                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2963                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       135587                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       671856                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       457416                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      4152744                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      3773160                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        63800                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1021176                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1052608                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       260696                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        23704                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1084696                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.256191                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::0      4422977                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1870522                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2533874                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        24290                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::2        10516                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      2541722                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      7971194                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         5731                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2997                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      5866852                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     35383816                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    134677584                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    182438928                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1748880                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        84128                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    183003984                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     63769552                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        45848                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        23976                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     46934816                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.005952                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::0       103506                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::2        16860                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        64800                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        47830                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::2        14179                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        27095                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       164284                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        26106                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         6366                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       158553                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       828048                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1213920                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      4665600                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      3443760                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       113432                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1950840                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1314272                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       208848                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        50928                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1268424                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.365564                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::0      4766977                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1913291                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3826668                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2766371                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::2        24722                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      3443456                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8532288                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1621056                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        87336                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          107                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0        12633                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      8313503                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     38135816                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     15306328                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    275520096                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    199178712                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       197776                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    247928832                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     68258304                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     12968448                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       698688                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          856                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0       101064                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     66508024                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.047475                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::1       958542                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::2       958619                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       405965                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       812806                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           59                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       958555                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      7668336                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     69020568                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     29229480                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6502448                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        13312                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          472                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      7668440                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.047294                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Request_Control::1       954749                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::2       954821                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       404563                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       809998                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       954757                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      7637992                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     68747112                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     29128536                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6479984                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        13312                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      7638056                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized     0.000018                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Response_Data::2           63                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2           21                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1748                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         4536                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1512                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        13984                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        26624                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.percent_links_utilized     0.081805                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::0      4766977                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1913291                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3826731                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2766371                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        87175                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::2        40160                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      3443456                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8532287                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1622804                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        87336                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          107                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0        15438                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      8313503                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     38135816                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     15306328                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    275524632                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    199178712                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      6276600                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       321280                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    247928832                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     68258296                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     12982432                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        26624                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       698688                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          856                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0       123504                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     66508024                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control     20040804                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     11480193                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data      8299113                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data       261525                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control       120480                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     10330368                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     30475258                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Forwarded_Control       262329                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Invalidate_Control        43509                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control     24940509                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control    160326432                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    826573896                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data    597536136                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data     18829800                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control       963840                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    743786496                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    243802064                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Forwarded_Control      2098632                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Invalidate_Control       348072                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control    199524072                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.010036                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        19556                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       110020                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        26914                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        19814                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       132616                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        22912                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3112                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1408032                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      7921440                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1937808                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       158512                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1060928                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       183296                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        24896                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.007506                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       156512                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        22890                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3114                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        49928                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       132617                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       239199                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      1252096                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1648080                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        24912                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      3594816                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1060936                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1913592                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005449                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         6353                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        57677                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        19885                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5012                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        65788                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        32587                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2963                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       457416                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      4152744                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1431720                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        40096                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       526304                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       260696                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        23704                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004482                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        83982                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        32520                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2963                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        14183                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        65788                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       135587                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       671856                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2341440                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        23704                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1021176                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       526304                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1084696                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.277072                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1870522                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2533874                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        18570                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         7500                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3985597                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         5731                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2997                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    134677584                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    182438928                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1337040                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        60000                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     31884776                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        45848                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        23976                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.235310                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0      4422977                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         5720                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3016                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      2541722                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3985597                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      5866852                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     35383816                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       411840                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        24128                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    183003984                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     31884776                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     46934816                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006663                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        16860                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        64800                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        21785                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         7813                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        82142                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        26106                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         6366                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1213920                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      4665600                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1568520                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        62504                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       657136                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       208848                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        50928                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.005242                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       103506                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        26045                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         6366                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        27095                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        82142                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       158553                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       828048                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1875240                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        50928                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1950840                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       657136                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1268424                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.361515                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0      4766977                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1913291                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2           21                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      2632928                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4266144                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       810528                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          107                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      6400191                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     38135816                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    137756952                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          168                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    189570816                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     34129152                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6484224                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          856                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     51201528                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.369613                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1913291                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1913377                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2766371                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        24701                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       810528                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4266144                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       810528                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        87336                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0        12633                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1913312                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     15306328                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    137763144                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    199178712                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       197608                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     58358016                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     34129152                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6484224                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       698688                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0       101064                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     15306496                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.037814                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       958542                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2           46                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       405965                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       406841                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          832                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       958555                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      7668336                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         3312                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     29229480                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3254728                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6656                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      7668440                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.057137                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       958573                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       405965                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          832                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           59                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     69017256                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3247720                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6656                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          472                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.037677                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1       954749                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       404563                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       405435                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          832                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       954757                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      7637992                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     29128536                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3243480                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6656                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      7638056                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.056912                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2       954781                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       404563                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          832                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2     68744232                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3236504                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6656                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000015                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2           63                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2           21                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         4536                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1512                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        13312                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000022                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1748                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        13984                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        13312                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.link_utilization     0.010036                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        19556                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       110020                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        26914                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        19814                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       132616                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        22912                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3112                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1408032                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      7921440                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1937808                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       158512                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1060928                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       183296                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        24896                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.link_utilization     0.005449                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         6353                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        57677                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        19885                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5012                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        65788                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        32587                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2963                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       457416                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      4152744                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1431720                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        40096                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       526304                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       260696                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        23704                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.link_utilization     0.277072                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1870522                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2533874                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        18570                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         7500                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3985597                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         5731                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2997                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    134677584                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    182438928                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1337040                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        60000                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     31884776                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        45848                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        23976                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.link_utilization     0.006663                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2        16860                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        64800                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        21785                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         7813                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        82142                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        26106                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         6366                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1213920                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      4665600                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1568520                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        62504                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       657136                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       208848                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        50928                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.link_utilization     0.361515                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::0      4766977                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1913291                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2           21                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      2632928                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4266144                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       810528                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1          107                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      6400191                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     38135816                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    137756952                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          168                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    189570816                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     34129152                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6484224                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1          856                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     51201528                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.link_utilization     0.037814                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::1       958542                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::2           46                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       405965                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       406841                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          832                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       958555                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      7668336                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         3312                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     29229480                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3254728                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6656                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      7668440                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.link_utilization     0.037677                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::1       954749                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::2           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       404563                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       405435                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          832                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       954757                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1      7637992                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     29128536                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      3243480                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6656                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      7638056                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.link_utilization     0.000015                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::2           63                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2           21                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2         4536                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1512                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        13312                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    727629097                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.516123                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.033302                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      8.255758                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   726175352     99.80%     99.80% |     1413170      0.19%     99.99% |       10701      0.00%    100.00% |        9030      0.00%    100.00% |       15146      0.00%    100.00% |        5618      0.00%    100.00% |          62      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     727629097                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    720807821                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   720807821    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    720807821                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      6821276                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    56.055097                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    32.932731                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    65.328041                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     5367531     78.69%     78.69% |     1413170     20.72%     99.41% |       10701      0.16%     99.56% |        9030      0.13%     99.69% |       15146      0.22%     99.92% |        5618      0.08%    100.00% |          62      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      6821276                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    114277882                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.832944                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.079237                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     16.372518                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   113873795     99.65%     99.65% |      375268      0.33%     99.97% |        8486      0.01%     99.98% |        4220      0.00%     99.99% |       11256      0.01%    100.00% |        4730      0.00%    100.00% |          93      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     114277882                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    112328755                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   112328755    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    112328755                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1949127                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   108.466046                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    87.428223                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    66.063809                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1545040     79.27%     79.27% |      375268     19.25%     98.52% |        8486      0.44%     98.96% |        4220      0.22%     99.17% |       11256      0.58%     99.75% |        4730      0.24%     99.99% |          93      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1949127                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   6783666279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.001586                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000209                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.313768                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  6783654914    100.00%    100.00% |       10845      0.00%    100.00% |         158      0.00%    100.00% |          72      0.00%    100.00% |         216      0.00%    100.00% |          74      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   6783666279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   6783186728                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  6783186728    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   6783186728                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       479551                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    23.437217                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.094833                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    29.820780                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      468186     97.63%     97.63% |       10845      2.26%     99.89% |         158      0.03%     99.92% |          72      0.02%     99.94% |         216      0.05%     99.98% |          74      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       479551                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       955214                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.715284                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.185574                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    12.104628                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      953479     99.82%     99.82% |        1595      0.17%     99.99% |          47      0.00%     99.99% |          15      0.00%     99.99% |          53      0.01%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       955214                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       904648                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      904648    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       904648                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        50566                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.402464                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    24.919845                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    42.113622                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       48831     96.57%     96.57% |        1595      3.15%     99.72% |          47      0.09%     99.82% |          15      0.03%     99.85% |          53      0.10%     99.95% |          25      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        50566                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       355132                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    12.526052                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.749182                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    38.394579                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      346751     97.64%     97.64% |        7816      2.20%     99.84% |         242      0.07%     99.91% |          52      0.01%     99.92% |         196      0.06%     99.98% |          69      0.02%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       355132                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       307053                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      307053    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       307053                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        48079                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    86.136338                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    62.184727                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    67.983889                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       39698     82.57%     82.57% |        7816     16.26%     98.82% |         242      0.50%     99.33% |          52      0.11%     99.44% |         196      0.41%     99.84% |          69      0.14%     99.99% |           4      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        48079                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       355132                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      355132    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       355132                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       355132                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      355132    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       355132                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |      413024     50.08%     50.08% |      411631     49.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total       824655                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |      545518     50.11%     50.11% |      543118     49.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total      1088636                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |      405941     50.09%     50.09% |      404542     49.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total       810483                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS |          24     53.33%     53.33% |          21     46.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS::total           45                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock |      290703     50.08%     50.08% |      289760     49.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock::total       580463                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock |      254815     50.14%     50.14% |      253358     49.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock::total       508173                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      413856     50.08%     50.08% |      412463     49.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       826319                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback |      405965     50.09%     50.09% |      404563     49.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback::total       810528                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      958573     50.10%     50.10% |      954781     49.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1913354                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      406797     50.09%     50.09% |      405395     49.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       812192                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          44     52.38%     52.38% |          40     47.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           84                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         832     50.00%     50.00% |         832     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         1664                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK |          13     61.90%     61.90% |           8     38.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK::total           21                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |          46     53.49%     53.49% |          40     46.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total           86                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |      148922     50.13%     50.13% |      148171     49.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total       297093                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS  |      290703     50.08%     50.08% |      289760     49.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS::total       580463                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack |      405953     50.09%     50.09% |      404559     49.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack::total       810512                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          31     49.21%     49.21% |          32     50.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           63                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         786     49.81%     49.81% |         792     50.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         1578                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX  |      264102     50.06%     50.06% |      263460     49.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX::total       527562                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS  |      254815     50.14%     50.14% |      253358     49.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS::total       508173                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack |          24     53.33%     53.33% |          21     46.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack::total           45                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |      405941     50.09%     50.09% |      404542     49.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total       810483                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS |          24     53.33%     53.33% |          21     46.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS::total           45                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          13     61.90%     61.90% |           8     38.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           21                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |          46     53.49%     53.49% |          40     46.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total           86                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock |      290703     50.08%     50.08% |      289760     49.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock::total       580463                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data |      290703     50.08%     50.08% |      289760     49.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data::total       580463                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Ack |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock |      254815     50.14%     50.14% |      253358     49.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock::total       508173                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data |      254815     50.14%     50.14% |      253358     49.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data::total       508173                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock |      413024     50.08%     50.08% |      411631     49.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock::total       824655                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data |      413024     50.08%     50.08% |      411631     49.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data::total       824655                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback |      405941     50.09%     50.09% |      404542     49.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback::total       810483                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback |          24     53.33%     53.33% |          21     46.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback::total           45                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_M.Memory_Data |          31     49.21%     49.21% |          32     50.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_M.Memory_Data::total           63                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock |         832     50.00%     50.00% |         832     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock::total         1664                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack |         818     50.09%     50.09% |         815     49.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack::total         1633                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.OI_D.Data |          46     53.49%     53.49% |          40     46.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.OI_D.Data::total           86                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK |          13     61.90%     61.90% |           8     38.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK::total           21                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          84    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           84                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         1664                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          84    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             84                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack       |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack::total         1664                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks      |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks::total         1664                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          84    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           84                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         1664                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          84    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           84                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack::total         1664                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks::total         1664                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     1881893      0.52%      0.52% |      996219      0.27%      0.79% |   360646186     98.84%     99.63% |     1352287      0.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    364876585                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     9550191      0.00%      0.00% |     4456593      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072791779328    100.00%    100.00% |     6409540      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072812195840                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     1386145      2.36%      2.36% |      733941      1.25%      3.61% |    55631225     94.62%     98.23% |     1040387      1.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     58791698                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      139295      3.25%      3.25% |       71520      1.67%      4.91% |     3990599     93.00%     97.91% |       89612      2.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      4291026                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX  |          22     13.66%     13.66% |          67     41.61%     55.28% |          11      6.83%     62.11% |          61     37.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX::total          161                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        5881     23.90%     23.90% |        9742     39.59%     63.48% |        1085      4.41%     67.89% |        7901     32.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        24609                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |       17083     26.39%     26.39% |       23643     36.53%     62.92% |        5139      7.94%     70.86% |       18862     29.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        64727                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA   |           2      9.52%      9.52% |           0      0.00%      9.52% |          19     90.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        3112     20.16%     20.16% |        2963     19.19%     39.35% |        2997     19.41%     58.76% |        6366     41.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        15438                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       19814     49.36%     49.36% |        5012     12.49%     61.85% |        7500     18.69%     80.54% |        7813     19.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        40139                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |      104030      3.66%      3.66% |       60060      2.11%      5.77% |     2608933     91.73%     97.50% |       71218      2.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      2844241                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |       52460      2.73%      2.73% |       23855      1.24%      3.97% |     1814033     94.35%     98.32% |       32227      1.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      1922575                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       82688      5.06%      5.06% |       51605      3.16%      8.22% |     1443875     88.41%     96.63% |       55047      3.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      1633215                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data |       49928      1.90%      1.90% |       14183      0.54%      2.43% |     2541722     96.54%     98.97% |       27095      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      2632928                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       28617      2.73%      2.73% |       10380      0.99%      3.72% |      989899     94.54%     98.26% |       18212      1.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total      1047108                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout |       52481      2.73%      2.73% |       23922      1.24%      3.97% |     1814044     94.35%     98.32% |       32288      1.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout::total      1922735                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       55269      1.60%      1.60% |       31826      0.92%      2.53% |     3319787     96.33%     98.86% |       39293      1.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      3446175                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       72626     26.54%     26.54% |       41776     15.26%     41.80% |      113291     41.39%     83.19% |       46001     16.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       273694                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       22265      3.68%      3.68% |        8369      1.38%      5.06% |      559701     92.52%     97.58% |       14629      2.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       604964                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        6675     26.97%     26.97% |        5719     23.11%     50.08% |        4882     19.73%     69.81% |        7470     30.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        24746                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      411524      0.27%      0.27% |      243074      0.16%      0.43% |   152619461     99.34%     99.77% |      353186      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total    153627245                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     9477565      0.00%      0.00% |     4414817      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072791666688    100.00%    100.00% |     6363538      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total 18446744072811921408                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        6330      1.43%      1.43% |        1944      0.44%      1.87% |      430187     97.33%     99.20% |        3522      0.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       441983                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       94604      3.96%      3.96% |       54933      2.30%      6.27% |     2175756     91.17%     97.44% |       61090      2.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      2386383                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS |        2283     43.16%     43.16% |         835     15.78%     58.94% |        1061     20.06%     79.00% |        1111     21.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS::total         5290                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        3112     20.16%     20.16% |        2962     19.19%     39.35% |        2997     19.41%     58.76% |        6366     41.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        15437                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |         487      5.23%      5.23% |         552      5.93%     11.17% |         321      3.45%     14.62% |        7943     85.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total         9303                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |          22     13.66%     13.66% |          67     41.61%     55.28% |          11      6.83%     62.11% |          61     37.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total          161                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement |         123     19.90%     19.90% |         239     38.67%     58.58% |         132     21.36%     79.94% |         124     20.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement::total          618                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX |        3996     20.91%     20.91% |        8658     45.30%     66.20% |         142      0.74%     66.95% |        6318     33.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX::total        19114                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS |        2033     10.45%     10.45% |        9989     51.35%     61.80% |         198      1.02%     62.82% |        7233     37.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS::total        19453                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |       88242      0.52%      0.52% |       67637      0.40%      0.92% |    16757982     98.79%     99.71% |       49247      0.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     16963108                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |       11845      8.99%      8.99% |        1969      1.49%     10.48% |      116105     88.11%     98.60% |        1850      1.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total       131769                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |        6200      0.95%      0.95% |        1902      0.29%      1.25% |      638148     98.15%     99.40% |        3905      0.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       650155                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         411     36.28%     36.28% |         122     10.77%     47.04% |          80      7.06%     54.10% |         520     45.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         1133                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        4141     20.93%     20.93% |        8976     45.37%     66.30% |         254      1.28%     67.58% |        6414     32.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total        19785                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |       19476      3.46%      3.46% |        8603      1.53%      4.99% |      524668     93.22%     98.21% |       10099      1.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total       562846                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |        1283      1.76%      1.76% |         487      0.67%      2.43% |       69577     95.66%     98.09% |        1389      1.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total        72736                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement |           3      3.06%      3.06% |          13     13.27%     16.33% |          82     83.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement::total           98                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX |           7     16.28%     16.28% |          33     76.74%     93.02% |           3      6.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX::total           43                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS |          26      8.25%      8.25% |         171     54.29%     62.54% |          14      4.44%     66.98% |         104     33.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS::total          315                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout |       22581      2.81%      2.81% |       13055      1.63%      4.44% |      754568     93.98%     98.42% |       12687      1.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout::total       802891                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |     1302272      0.69%      0.69% |      643623      0.34%      1.02% |   187225910     98.51%     99.53% |      890802      0.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total    190062607                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |     1253726      2.26%      2.26% |      686599      1.24%      3.49% |    52667577     94.80%     98.30% |      946475      1.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     55554377                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       31690      2.58%      2.58% |        8714      0.71%      3.29% |     1171561     95.33%     98.61% |       17023      1.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      1228988                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |        1461     34.03%     34.03% |         920     21.43%     55.46% |         857     19.96%     75.43% |        1055     24.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         4293                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        8563     47.35%     47.35% |        3020     16.70%     64.04% |        3109     17.19%     81.23% |        3394     18.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        18086                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA |           2      9.52%      9.52% |           0      0.00%      9.52% |          19     90.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |        4613      2.25%      2.25% |         894      0.44%      2.68% |      197915     96.48%     99.16% |        1716      0.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total       205138                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |       90674      4.57%      4.57% |       34506      1.74%      6.30% |     1788067     90.05%     96.35% |       72461      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total      1985708                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          38    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement::total           38                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX |           6     23.08%     23.08% |           9     34.62%     57.69% |           3     11.54%     69.23% |           8     30.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS |          37      2.06%      2.06% |         652     36.26%     38.32% |         503     27.98%     66.30% |         606     33.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total         1798                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout |       29900      2.67%      2.67% |       10867      0.97%      3.64% |     1059476     94.61%     98.25% |       19601      1.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total      1119844                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        9452     44.92%     44.92% |        3397     16.14%     61.06% |        3675     17.46%     78.52% |        4520     21.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        21044                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |       22265      3.68%      3.68% |        8370      1.38%      5.06% |      559701     92.52%     97.58% |       14629      2.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total       604965                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        9686     56.52%     56.52% |        1397      8.15%     64.67% |        3134     18.29%     82.96% |        2920     17.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        17137                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data |        6330      1.43%      1.43% |        1943      0.44%      1.87% |      430187     97.33%     99.20% |        3522      0.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data::total       441982                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX |          22     13.66%     13.66% |          67     41.61%     55.28% |          11      6.83%     62.11% |          61     37.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX::total          161                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         676     34.53%     34.53% |         218     11.13%     45.66% |         691     35.29%     80.95% |         373     19.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total         1958                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks |       28617      2.73%      2.73% |       10380      0.99%      3.72% |      989899     94.54%     98.26% |       18212      1.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks::total      1047108                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |      104030      3.66%      3.66% |       60060      2.11%      5.77% |     2608933     91.73%     97.50% |       71218      2.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      2844241                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |       23865      2.73%      2.73% |       13542      1.55%      4.27% |      824145     94.12%     98.39% |       14076      1.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total       875628                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load   |           6      5.13%      5.13% |           0      0.00%      5.13% |         110     94.02%     99.15% |           1      0.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load::total          117                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5     83.33%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack |       82688      5.06%      5.06% |       51605      3.16%      8.22% |     1443875     88.41%     96.63% |       55047      3.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack::total      1633215                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |       11916      1.58%      1.58% |        3328      0.44%      2.02% |      731881     97.17%     99.20% |        6043      0.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total       753168                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |         123     19.90%     19.90% |         239     38.67%     58.58% |         132     21.36%     79.94% |         124     20.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total          618                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           4      8.70%      8.70% |          10     21.74%     30.43% |          32     69.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total           46                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |       37889      2.02%      2.02% |       10616      0.56%      2.58% |     1809709     96.31%     98.89% |       20928      1.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      1879142                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        3720382      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        1047116      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTO            618      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        1879143      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS_only      2185291      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS         201097      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX            86      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA             21      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.All_Acks        824655      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data           1913291      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBCLEANDATA       753168      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      1879760      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack       810528      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock        4477456      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      1922735      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.DmaAck              21      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      1451791      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      1088636      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX       374678      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETS         5290      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETX       342822      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS_only       746283      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS         6885      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETS        37871      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETX         5426      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTX      1879143      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.Fwd_DMA           21      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETS         8402      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETX         2046      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTO          298      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETS        11051      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETX        17229      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTO          320      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only        10746      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS         3510      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS      1518041      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETX        18182      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement       633865      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETS         7769      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETX          170      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only          117      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS         7651      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L2_Replacement           45      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETS       185267      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETX        88973      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS_only      1428143      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS       183048      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L2_Replacement         7398      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS       857542      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       197582      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX           86      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       810483      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          298      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.Unblock        10746      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          320      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.Unblock         3510      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L1_GETS            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L1_PUTS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.Unblock       183048      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA         6885      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA       746283      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.Unblock      1428143      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.Unblock          117      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.Unblock         7651      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      1879142      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.Unblock         5290      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Unblock         8402      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock          170      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETS          111      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETX            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Unblock        19785      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock        25558      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.Unblock        11051      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETS           87      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock        17229      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.L1_GETS          290      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Data       1088636      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Unblock      1088636      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.Data        392860      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.Data       431795      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.All_Acks       824655      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock       824655      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock       197582      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.Unblock      1518041      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.Exclusive_Unblock       857541      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.Unblock         7769      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_GETS           10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_PUTS_only            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.Unblock       185267      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.L1_GETS            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack       810483      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSI.Writeback_Ack           45      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXD.DmaAck           21      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
