
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  4.128134                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                4128133717500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               56325915553001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 151934                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   213029                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              278627916                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1830212                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14815.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2251043850                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3156223918                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     47009664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          47009664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     25742784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       25742784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       734526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             734526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       402231                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            402231                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     11387631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             11387631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      6235938                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             6235938                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     17623569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            17623569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     734526                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    402231                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   734526                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  402231                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              46939008                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  70656                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               25743040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               47009664                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            25742784                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                  1104                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            49910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            46127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            52243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            55843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            55738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            48342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            42933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            44383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            41390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            40924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           41795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           41728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           39822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           39176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           47417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           45651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            27849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            25211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            27760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            29555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            29123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            25619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            23947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            24373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            23464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            22721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           23143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           23624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           22344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           22104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           26469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           24929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 4128133812500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               734526                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              402231                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 732395                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   1027                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   773                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   794                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 24891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 25042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 25068                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 25069                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 25068                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 25051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 25054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 25048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 25053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 25049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 25047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 25044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 25044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 25042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 25039                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 25038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       708727                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   102.552955                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.903114                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   117.321236                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       550584     77.69%     77.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       110697     15.62%     93.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        23381      3.30%     96.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9629      1.36%     97.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4065      0.57%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3023      0.43%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1986      0.28%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1615      0.23%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3747      0.53%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       708727                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        25038                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.600687                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    27.634582                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    50.975283                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        25023     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           11      0.04%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        25038                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        25038                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.064981                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.061127                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.368145                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           24242     96.82%     96.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              16      0.06%     96.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18             747      2.98%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              23      0.09%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               9      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::28               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        25038                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 13222810723                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            26974473223                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                3667110000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    18028.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               36778.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       11.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        6.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    11.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     6.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  298991                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 127939                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                40.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               31.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   3631500.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   37.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              2899721160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              1582189125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             3116841000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            1383071760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        269881603680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        401120596080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        2127334930500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2807318953305                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           679.410576                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3534994053000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 137847580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 455292179500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              2477873160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              1352014125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             2664191400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            1223411040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        269881603680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        385586402040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        2140961416500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2804146911945                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           678.642897                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3557915151753                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 137847580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 432374651997                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     46668608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          46668608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     25595584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       25595584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       729197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             729197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       399931                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            399931                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     11305014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             11305014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      6200280                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             6200280                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     17505293                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            17505293                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     729197                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    399931                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   729197                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  399931                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              46605760                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  62848                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               25595712                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               46668608                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            25595584                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   982                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            49636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            45867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            51211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            54476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            54439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            48296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            42967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            43662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            41572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            41205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           40953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           41166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           40477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           39366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           47132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           45790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            27804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            24999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            26935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            29712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            28205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            25721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            24036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            24181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            23310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            22709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           22945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           23511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           22544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           22155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           26272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           24894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 4128133497500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               729197                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              399931                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 727322                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    893                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   710                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 24807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 24910                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 24926                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 24925                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 24934                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 24926                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 24915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 24913                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 24912                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 24913                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 24912                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 24911                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 24912                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 24906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 24906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 24906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       703539                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   102.626203                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.895507                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   117.665062                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       546898     77.74%     77.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       109573     15.57%     93.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        22991      3.27%     96.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9605      1.37%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4073      0.58%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3127      0.44%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1922      0.27%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1623      0.23%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3727      0.53%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       703539                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        24905                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.550211                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    27.568438                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    51.384457                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        24891     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           10      0.04%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        24905                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        24905                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.058342                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.054963                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.342783                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           24187     97.12%     97.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              19      0.08%     97.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18             670      2.69%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              23      0.09%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               5      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        24905                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 13108800719                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            26762831969                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                3641075000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    18001.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               36751.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       11.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        6.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    11.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     6.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  296518                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 128091                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                40.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               32.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   3656036.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   37.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              2862699840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              1561989000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             3077856600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            1371122640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        269881603680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        400007713545                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        2128311143250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2807074128555                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           679.351325                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3536667512500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 137847580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 453620006000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              2475506880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              1350723000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             2662647000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            1220443200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        269881603680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        385337562840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        2141179688250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2804108174850                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           678.633525                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3558280549500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 137847580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 432009240500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      8254048721                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    4286775                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      9041750                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              8860987                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1814                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     249898                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       642901                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     8860987                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         1814                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           17956065                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           7304179                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                3048                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               1440                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             5128099                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            2816580                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      2103431                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    1304489                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    798942                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              8231681756.313766                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              22366964.686234                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.002710                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.997290                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           967601                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               134476      1.49%      1.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  6743241     74.58%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   14944      0.17%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    44379      0.49%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   1368      0.02%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 1304489     14.43%     91.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 798942      8.84%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   9041839                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      8261046502                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    2927517                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      6292643                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              6156350                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                   154                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     174561                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       438969                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     6156350                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                          154                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           12522544                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           5103056                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                 258                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                126                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             3492131                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            1854847                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1511740                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                     940409                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    571331                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              8245564121.348094                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              15482380.651907                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.001874                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.998126                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           669924                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               113763      1.81%      1.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  4611274     73.28%     75.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   15848      0.25%     75.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    39921      0.63%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                    120      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                  940409     14.94%     90.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 571331      9.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   6292666                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      8258413962                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                 2239494960                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                   3131966110                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses           1365010379                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses            2127680264                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    4837099                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts    125344314                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                  1365010379                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                   2127680264                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads         2745536314                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         828487056                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads          4601234004                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes         2077617833                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           735920534                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          430151983                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                    408337931                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                  353614818                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  54723113                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              5453088.364754                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              8252960873.635245                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.999340                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.000660                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                        163310483                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              2282657      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu               1676679728     53.53%     53.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   79449      0.00%     53.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    99356      0.00%     53.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd             1044495651     33.35%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead               353614818     11.29%     98.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               54723113      1.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                3131974772                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      8252138036                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    2922861                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      6313958                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              6173955                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     174040                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       443923                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     6173955                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           12550983                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           5127726                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             3558152                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            1864979                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1501537                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     933422                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    568115                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              8236760954.745738                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              15377081.254262                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.001863                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.998137                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           674838                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               119950      1.90%      1.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  4636399     73.43%     75.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   12773      0.20%     75.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    43302      0.69%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  933422     14.78%     91.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 568115      9.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   6313961                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  200                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 200                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                4270                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               4270                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                19                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               19                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2090                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2080                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2096                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2346                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2084                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    8978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4180                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4250                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4186                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           98                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4350                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          122                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4338                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    17164                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                82500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                51495                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              283500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             2553997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             2552499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             2892467                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             2557500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               14498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1616500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1578000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1781000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1792500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           24                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes        98304                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           24                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples              134771873                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.112056                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.939899                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |   132886532     98.60%     98.60% |        3202      0.00%     98.60% |     1881587      1.40%    100.00% |         161      0.00%    100.00% |         367      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                134771873                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   3806843010                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000227                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3806842813    100.00%    100.00% |         197      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   3806843010                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     3806843010                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.181095                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.038401                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         3.593832                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  3806766271    100.00%    100.00% |       54484      0.00%    100.00% |       21320      0.00%    100.00% |         578      0.00%    100.00% |         333      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       3806843010                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3729231253                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3729231253    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3729231253                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     77611757                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     9.882671                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.348900                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    23.584231                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    77535018     99.90%     99.90% |       54484      0.07%     99.97% |       21320      0.03%    100.00% |         578      0.00%    100.00% |         333      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     77611757                      
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits      1865243                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses       239481                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses      2104724                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits      5384478                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses       294900                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses      5679378                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits      1334111                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses       177250                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses      1511361                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits      3673992                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses       223507                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses      3897499                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits    346769499                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses     68271383                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses    415040882                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits   3365212450                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses      8012968                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses   3373225418                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits      1329948                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses       170574                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses      1500522                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits      3661532                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses       221694                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses      3883226                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits        413531                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses       120850                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses       534381                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits        321880                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses        78877                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses       400757                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits      66100538                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses     10183813                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses     76284351                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits        311680                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses        80588                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses       392268                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      8973984                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      1490144                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses     10464128                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             4                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.005392                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0       120850                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2        30646                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1       131641                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1        91118                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2        68126                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        22615                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         6437                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23583                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0       966800                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       245168                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9478152                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       728944                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       545008                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1628280                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       463464                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       188664                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.003527                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0        78877                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2        34011                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1        93562                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1        40869                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2        36668                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         9136                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4816                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6722                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0       631016                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       272088                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6736464                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       326952                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       293344                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       657792                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       346752                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        53776                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.443543                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0     10183813                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2        12059                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1     10185855                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1     10043865                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::2     10028776                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1814487                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           45                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8208245                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0     81470504                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        96472                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    733381560                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     80350920                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     80230208                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    130643064                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         3240                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     65665960                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.003504                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0        80588                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2        30956                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1        92426                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1        47577                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::2        37065                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         9204                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4156                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         8797                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0       644704                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       247648                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6654672                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       380616                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       296520                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       662688                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       299232                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        70376                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.526612                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0     11927774                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2        67728                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1     12714760                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1     12229482                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2     10170635                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1855442                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        15454                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8247347                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0     95422192                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       541824                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    915462720                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     97835856                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     81365080                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    133591824                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1112688                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     65978776                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.036367                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0       734488                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1135993                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1050137                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          810                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0      5875904                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     81791496                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      8401096                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6480                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.036117                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0       729158                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1128361                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1041798                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          808                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0      5833264                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     81241992                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      8334384                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6464                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.000012                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1           82                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1618                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5904                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12944                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12288                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.081169                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0     11927774                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2       107672                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1     12741340                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1     12272423                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2     10170635                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1855442                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        15454                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8248965                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0     95422192                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       861376                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    917376480                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     98179384                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     81365080                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    133591824                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1112688                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     65991720                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12288                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        35783322                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       283072                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     38224020                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     67329174                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      5612688                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     24751503                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        286266576                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      2264576                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   2752129440                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    538633392                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    404113536                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    198012024                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006883                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        30646                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       114422                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        76093                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       245168                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8238384                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       608744                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003900                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       120850                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17219                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        15025                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        68126                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        22615                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         6437                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23583                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       966800                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1239768                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       120200                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       545008                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1628280                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       463464                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       188664                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004557                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        34011                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        77646                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19698                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       272088                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5590512                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       157584                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002497                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        78877                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        15916                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        21171                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        36668                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         9136                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4816                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6722                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       631016                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1145952                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       169368                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       293344                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       657792                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       346752                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        53776                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.615779                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        12059                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1     10181628                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1     10034062                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        96472                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    733077216                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     80272496                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.271306                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0     10183813                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4227                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9803                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2     10028776                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1814487                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           45                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8208245                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     81470504                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       304344                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        78424                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     80230208                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    130643064                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         3240                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     65665960                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004632                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        30956                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        78453                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        27856                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       247648                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5648616                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       222848                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002375                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        80588                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        13973                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19721                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        37065                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         9204                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4156                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         8797                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       644704                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1006056                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       157768                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       296520                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       662688                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       299232                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        70376                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.366907                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0     10464128                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1488483                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1469062                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2     10170635                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1855442                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        15454                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8247347                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     83713024                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    107170776                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     11752496                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     81365080                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    133591824                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1112688                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     65978776                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.686317                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1463646                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        67728                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1     11226277                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1     10760420                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     11709168                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       541824                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    808291944                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     86083360                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.028299                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       734488                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       401463                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       324335                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          810                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      5875904                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28905336                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2594680                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6480                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.044435                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       734530                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       725802                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     52886160                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5806416                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.028123                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       729158                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       399163                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       321317                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          808                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      5833264                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28739736                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2570536                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6464                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.044112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       729198                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       720481                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     52502256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5763848                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000014                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           82                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5904                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000010                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1618                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12944                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.link_utilization     0.006883                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        30646                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1       114422                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1        76093                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       245168                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8238384                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       608744                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.link_utilization     0.004557                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2        34011                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1        77646                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19698                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       272088                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5590512                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       157584                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.link_utilization     0.615779                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2        12059                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1     10181628                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1     10034062                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        96472                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    733077216                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     80272496                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.link_utilization     0.004632                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2        30956                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1        78453                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1        27856                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       247648                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5648616                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       222848                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.link_utilization     0.366907                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0     10464128                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1488483                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1469062                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2     10170635                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1855442                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        15454                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8247347                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0     83713024                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    107170776                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     11752496                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     81365080                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    133591824                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1112688                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     65978776                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.link_utilization     0.028299                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0       734488                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1       401463                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1       324335                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          810                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0      5875904                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28905336                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2594680                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6480                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.link_utilization     0.028123                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0       729158                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       399163                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       321317                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          808                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0      5833264                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28739736                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2570536                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6464                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.link_utilization     0.000014                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1           82                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5904                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12288                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle12.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      30737552                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         0.483472                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        1.906983                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    28880781     93.96%     93.96% |         799      0.00%     93.96% |     1855448      6.04%    100.00% |         150      0.00%    100.00% |         350      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        30737552                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples     101194614                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.002385                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.132859                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |   101156423     99.96%     99.96% |        9621      0.01%     99.97% |        1045      0.00%     99.97% |        1358      0.00%     99.97% |       26034      0.03%    100.00% |         105      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total       101194614                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       2839707                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000002                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.002056                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     2839704    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         2839707                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    362898890                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.481440                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.388332                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      9.950509                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   362842038     99.98%     99.98% |       42110      0.01%    100.00% |       14269      0.00%    100.00% |         279      0.00%    100.00% |         184      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     362898890                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    296966230                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   296966230    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    296966230                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     65932660                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     9.153972                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.085494                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    22.148730                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    65875808     99.91%     99.91% |       42110      0.06%     99.98% |       14269      0.02%    100.00% |         279      0.00%    100.00% |         184      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     65932660                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     56495901                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.189807                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.113952                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     13.619892                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    56477230     99.97%     99.97% |       11474      0.02%     99.99% |        6754      0.01%    100.00% |         285      0.00%    100.00% |         144      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      56495901                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     53713257                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    53713257    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     53713257                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2782644                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    25.156609                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     8.943918                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    56.669474                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     2763973     99.33%     99.33% |       11474      0.41%     99.74% |        6754      0.24%     99.98% |         285      0.01%     99.99% |         144      0.01%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2782644                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   3386685521                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.024341                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.005322                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.730403                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  3386676557    100.00%    100.00% |        8021      0.00%    100.00% |         334      0.00%    100.00% |         378      0.00%    100.00% |         149      0.00%    100.00% |          70      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   3386685521                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3377932452                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3377932452    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3377932452                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      8753069                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.418031                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     7.797977                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    10.860201                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     8744105     99.90%     99.90% |        8021      0.09%     99.99% |         334      0.00%     99.99% |         378      0.00%    100.00% |         149      0.00%    100.00% |          70      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      8753069                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       444380                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     4.204314                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.724826                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    15.152366                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      442473     99.57%     99.57% |        1746      0.39%     99.96% |          51      0.01%     99.98% |          64      0.01%     99.99% |          29      0.01%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       444380                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       325484                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      325484    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       325484                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       118896                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    12.976290                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     7.670926                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    27.442103                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      116989     98.40%     98.40% |        1746      1.47%     99.86% |          51      0.04%     99.91% |          64      0.05%     99.96% |          29      0.02%     99.99% |          14      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       118896                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       159159                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     5.440842                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.490444                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    23.252062                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      156684     98.44%     98.44% |        2363      1.48%     99.93% |          29      0.02%     99.95% |          44      0.03%     99.98% |          23      0.01%     99.99% |          12      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       159159                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       134671                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      134671    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       134671                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        24488                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    29.863117                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    13.380115                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    53.001720                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       22013     89.89%     89.89% |        2363      9.65%     99.54% |          29      0.12%     99.66% |          44      0.18%     99.84% |          23      0.09%     99.93% |          12      0.05%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           4      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        24488                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       159159                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      159159    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       159159                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       159159                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      159159    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       159159                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      734488     50.18%     50.18% |      729158     49.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1463646                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      401463     50.14%     50.14% |      399163     49.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       800626                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      734526     50.18%     50.18% |      729197     49.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1463723                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      402231     50.14%     50.14% |      399931     49.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       802162                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          42     51.22%     51.22% |          40     48.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         768     50.00%     50.00% |         768     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         1536                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      324335     50.23%     50.23% |      321317     49.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       645652                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      734488     50.18%     50.18% |      729158     49.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1463646                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          38     49.35%     49.35% |          39     50.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           77                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         768     50.00%     50.00% |         768     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         1536                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          38     49.35%     49.35% |          39     50.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           77                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         768     50.00%     50.00% |         768     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         1536                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      401459     50.14%     50.14% |      399162     49.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       800621                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           4     80.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            5                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      324335     50.23%     50.23% |      321317     49.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       645652                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      734488     50.18%     50.18% |      729158     49.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1463646                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      401459     50.14%     50.14% |      399162     49.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       800621                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |           4     80.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total            5                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           4     80.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         1536                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            1536                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         1536                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         1536                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |     1203370      0.33%      0.33% |      872906      0.24%      0.57% |   359956582     99.19%     99.76% |      866032      0.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total    362898890                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     5679378      0.00%      0.00% |     3897499      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072787810304    100.00%    100.00% |     3883226      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072801269760                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |      901354      1.57%      1.57% |      638455      1.12%      2.69% |    55084300     96.20%     98.89% |      634490      1.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total     57258599                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |       66789      2.44%      2.44% |       57308      2.10%      4.54% |     2551500     93.39%     97.93% |       56438      2.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total      2732035                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |      516476      0.69%      0.69% |      388697      0.52%      1.20% |    73875088     98.29%     99.50% |      378521      0.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total     75158782                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |      293194     25.01%     25.01% |      263177     22.45%     47.47% |      342635     29.23%     76.70% |      273162     23.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total      1172168                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      241187      0.32%      0.32% |      137580      0.18%      0.50% |    75941716     99.35%     99.84% |      119106      0.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total     76439589                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      170532      0.26%      0.26% |      130201      0.20%      0.46% |    65505970     99.35%     99.81% |      125957      0.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     65932660                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      294900      3.37%      3.37% |      223507      2.55%      5.92% |     8012968     91.54%     97.47% |      221694      2.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total      8753069                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       63668      2.18%      2.18% |       45895      1.57%      3.76% |     2763258     94.78%     98.54% |       42588      1.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      2915409                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |       54158     18.70%     18.70% |       46426     16.03%     34.72% |      144404     49.85%     84.57% |       44700     15.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total       289688                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      136511     28.55%     28.55% |      126040     26.36%     54.91% |       78534     16.42%     71.33% |      137072     28.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       478157                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3992562     23.94%     23.94% |     3512588     21.06%     45.00% |     5626601     33.74%     78.74% |     3544605     21.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     16676356                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        5281     49.73%     49.73% |        1154     10.87%     60.60% |        2155     20.29%     80.89% |        2029     19.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        10619                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        3671     13.34%     13.34% |        5153     18.72%     32.06% |       12443     45.20%     77.26% |        6259     22.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        27526                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |      284207     25.06%     25.06% |      256857     22.65%     47.71% |      328062     28.93%     76.64% |      264887     23.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total      1134013                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |      247952      0.11%      0.11% |      152493      0.07%      0.18% |   221383450     99.76%     99.94% |      143261      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total    221927156                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |     1391916      0.00%      0.00% |      161404      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072774170624    100.00%    100.00% |      116927      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total 18446744072775839744                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       34258      0.74%      0.74% |       23754      0.51%      1.25% |     4560920     98.28%     99.53% |       22009      0.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      4640941                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        3519      0.15%      0.15% |        2764      0.12%      0.26% |     2376795     99.63%     99.89% |        2507      0.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total      2385585                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |      134506      0.20%      0.20% |       64007      0.10%      0.30% |    66238537     99.63%     99.92% |       49976      0.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total     66487026                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      648375      0.87%      0.87% |      464172      0.62%      1.49% |    72988628     97.89%     99.38% |      459742      0.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     74560917                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      798147      1.61%      1.61% |      567652      1.14%      2.75% |    47757967     96.11%     98.86% |      567864      1.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     49691630                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        5441     18.61%     18.61% |        2965     10.14%     28.75% |       17858     61.08%     89.83% |        2972     10.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        29236                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |       97763      1.30%      1.30% |       67833      0.90%      2.20% |     7308489     96.96%     99.16% |       63658      0.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total      7537743                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data |      240206     25.66%     25.66% |      212832     22.74%     48.40% |      266162     28.44%     76.84% |      216830     23.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data::total       936030                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive |       54694      0.70%      0.70% |       10675      0.14%      0.84% |     7746806     99.10%     99.94% |        4864      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive::total      7817039                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       52988     22.44%     22.44% |       50345     21.32%     43.76% |       76473     32.38%     76.14% |       56332     23.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total       236138                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      117544      0.18%      0.18% |       79856      0.12%      0.30% |    65429497     99.59%     99.89% |       69625      0.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total     65696522                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |       63668      2.18%      2.18% |       45895      1.57%      3.76% |     2763258     94.78%     98.54% |       42588      1.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total      2915409                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |        5281     49.73%     49.73% |        1154     10.87%     60.60% |        2155     20.29%     80.89% |        2029     19.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total        10619                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      465432      0.62%      0.62% |      353708      0.47%      1.10% |    73518938     98.44%     99.53% |      347651      0.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     74685729                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |       68949      2.36%      2.36% |       47049      1.61%      3.96% |     2765413     94.51%     98.48% |       44617      1.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      2926028                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |      232269      0.31%      0.31% |      131840      0.18%      0.49% |    73547026     99.35%     99.85% |      113634      0.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total     74024769                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |        5441     18.61%     18.61% |        2965     10.14%     28.75% |       17858     61.08%     89.83% |        2972     10.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total        29236                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       21462     26.44%     26.44% |       25987     32.01%     58.45% |        9848     12.13%     70.59% |       23877     29.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        81174                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |      109586      2.04%      2.04% |       84998      1.58%      3.62% |     5098102     94.83%     98.45% |       83188      1.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      5375874                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |       23992     27.20%     27.20% |       29618     33.58%     60.79% |        4898      5.55%     66.34% |       29688     33.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        88196                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       97505      0.94%      0.94% |       57505      0.55%      1.49% |    10178635     97.94%     99.43% |       59118      0.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     10392763                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        1149     69.18%     69.18% |         132      7.95%     77.12% |         195     11.74%     88.86% |         185     11.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         1661                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        8035     32.35%     32.35% |        7892     31.78%     64.13% |        2016      8.12%     72.24% |        6894     27.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        24837                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        2891     47.71%     47.71% |         163      2.69%     50.40% |        1178     19.44%     69.85% |        1827     30.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         6059                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       37773      0.40%      0.40% |       19887      0.21%      0.61% |     9389574     99.18%     99.79% |       19910      0.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      9467144                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        6346     25.55%     25.55% |        7639     30.76%     56.31% |        3410     13.73%     70.04% |        7442     29.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        24837                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       67412      7.07%      7.07% |       49957      5.24%     12.30% |      787466     82.53%     94.84% |       49274      5.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       954109                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |       61348      2.27%      2.27% |       54343      2.01%      4.28% |     2533642     93.74%     98.02% |       53466      1.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total      2702799                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       20576     55.79%     55.79% |        2446      6.63%     62.42% |        7967     21.60%     84.02% |        5893     15.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        36882                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        9319     51.66%     51.66% |        1394      7.73%     59.39% |        3363     18.64%     78.04% |        3962     21.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        18038                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       46198      0.46%      0.46% |       15858      0.16%      0.61% |    10022732     99.21%     99.82% |       18001      0.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total     10102789                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       96843      0.99%      0.99% |       69735      0.71%      1.70% |     9548021     97.57%     99.28% |       70875      0.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      9785474                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       17579      2.64%      2.64% |        7911      1.19%      3.82% |      633607     95.04%     98.86% |        7578      1.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       666675                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |        5559     23.54%     23.54% |        6118     25.91%     49.45% |        7214     30.55%     80.00% |        4724     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total        23615                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      229939     27.24%     27.24% |      210144     24.90%     52.14% |      183761     21.77%     73.91% |      220268     26.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       844112                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        5309     49.37%     49.37% |        1229     11.43%     60.80% |        2182     20.29%     81.09% |        2034     18.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        10754                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |       51093     17.81%     17.81% |       41234     14.37%     32.17% |      154553     53.86%     86.03% |       40074     13.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       286954                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |        6736     22.26%     22.26% |       10345     34.19%     56.45% |        2294      7.58%     64.03% |       10885     35.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        30260                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |        4185     43.03%     43.03% |        3185     32.75%     75.78% |         427      4.39%     80.17% |        1929     19.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total         9726                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |        1119     91.35%     91.35% |           2      0.16%     91.51% |           3      0.24%     91.76% |         101      8.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total         1225                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |        9174     22.30%     22.30% |       14813     36.01%     58.31% |        2586      6.29%     64.60% |       14563     35.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total        41136                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |       51307     17.69%     17.69% |       41647     14.36%     32.06% |      155903     53.76%     85.82% |       41117     14.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total       289974                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |       36939      0.45%      0.45% |       18319      0.22%      0.68% |     8074118     99.09%     99.77% |       18652      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total      8148028                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |         394      0.03%      0.03% |          59      0.00%      0.03% |     1315363     99.96%     99.99% |          69      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      1315885                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |         467     14.47%     14.47% |        1501     46.51%     60.99% |          68      2.11%     63.09% |        1191     36.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         3227                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv    |         292     30.13%     30.13% |         240     24.77%     54.90% |           3      0.31%     55.21% |         434     44.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv::total          969                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |         362      0.03%      0.03% |          46      0.00%      0.03% |     1315094     99.96%    100.00% |          54      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total      1315556                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           6     85.71%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |          77      4.28%      4.28% |        1115     61.98%     66.26% |          55      3.06%     69.32% |         552     30.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total         1799                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |      195330      0.30%      0.30% |      113521      0.17%      0.47% |    65472908     99.39%     99.86% |       94982      0.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total     65876741                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |        3306      0.30%      0.30% |        1206      0.11%      0.42% |     1079135     99.45%     99.87% |        1451      0.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      1085098                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |        4793     45.17%     45.17% |        2963     27.92%     73.09% |          87      0.82%     73.91% |        2768     26.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        10611                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      134465      0.21%      0.21% |       70644      0.11%      0.32% |    63786729     99.59%     99.91% |       54579      0.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     64046417                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |       44942      2.00%      2.00% |       37907      1.69%      3.69% |     2129621     94.76%     98.45% |       34904      1.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total      2247374                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |        6437     41.65%     41.65% |        4816     31.16%     72.82% |          45      0.29%     73.11% |        4156     26.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total        15454                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       45836      0.52%      0.52% |       15812      0.18%      0.70% |     8707638     99.09%     99.80% |       17947      0.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      8787233                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |        1143     69.11%     69.11% |         132      7.98%     77.09% |         194     11.73%     88.81% |         185     11.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         1654                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        7958     34.54%     34.54% |        6777     29.42%     63.96% |        1961      8.51%     72.47% |        6342     27.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        23038                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       37773      0.40%      0.40% |       19887      0.21%      0.61% |     9389574     99.18%     99.79% |       19910      0.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      9467144                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        6346     25.55%     25.55% |        7639     30.76%     56.31% |        3410     13.73%     70.04% |        7442     29.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        24837                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       52724     17.96%     17.96% |       42209     14.38%     32.35% |      155037     52.82%     85.17% |       43523     14.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       293493                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        2891     47.71%     47.71% |         163      2.69%     50.40% |        1178     19.44%     69.85% |        1827     30.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         6059                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       14688      2.22%      2.22% |        7748      1.17%      3.40% |      632429     95.73%     99.13% |        5751      0.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       660616                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |       20576     55.79%     55.79% |        2446      6.63%     62.42% |        7967     21.60%     84.02% |        5893     15.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        36882                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        9319     51.66%     51.66% |        1394      7.73%     59.39% |        3363     18.64%     78.04% |        3962     21.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total        18038                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       46198      0.46%      0.46% |       15858      0.16%      0.61% |    10022732     99.21%     99.82% |       18001      0.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total     10102789                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       51093     17.81%     17.81% |       41234     14.37%     32.17% |      154553     53.86%     86.03% |       40074     13.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       286954                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        6736     22.26%     22.26% |       10345     34.19%     56.45% |        2294      7.58%     64.03% |       10885     35.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        30260                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |       57829     18.23%     18.23% |       51579     16.26%     34.49% |      156847     49.45%     83.94% |       50959     16.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total       317214                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |         124     15.88%     15.88% |         159     20.36%     36.24% |         278     35.60%     71.83% |         220     28.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total          781                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |         394      0.03%      0.03% |          59      0.00%      0.03% |     1315363     99.96%     99.99% |          69      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      1315885                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         467     14.47%     14.47% |        1501     46.51%     60.99% |          68      2.11%     63.09% |        1191     36.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         3227                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |         737      0.06%      0.06% |        1401      0.11%      0.16% |     1315153     99.76%     99.92% |        1040      0.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total      1318331                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |        5317     18.69%     18.69% |        2806      9.86%     28.55% |       17580     61.78%     90.33% |        2752      9.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total        28455                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        3306      0.30%      0.30% |        1206      0.11%      0.42% |     1079135     99.45%     99.87% |        1451      0.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      1085098                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        4793     45.17%     45.17% |        2963     27.92%     73.09% |          87      0.82%     73.91% |        2768     26.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        10611                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |        2782      0.26%      0.26% |        1363      0.13%      0.39% |     1061642     99.47%     99.86% |        1467      0.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total      1067254                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        9785477      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         666675      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE        11979      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX       10102789      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement       792143      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean       654130      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       1463646      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        1446278      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          19142      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean        21149      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              15041      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all           7738      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          24837      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock     10145798      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv             10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      1093824      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX       369822      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       293493      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         6059      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE        11979      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          250      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean         6519      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      8373320      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       289133      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       790772      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean       632311      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        24837      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         1661      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX     10102789      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         1121      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        15300      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      1446278      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data          934      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean          121      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all           68      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data         8478      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean         5921      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all          901      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          14649      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all         6519      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            392      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          250      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data      1093824      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data       369822      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        18038      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock     10127760      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         9725      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean        15094      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           18      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean           13      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        24819      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  4.145855                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                4145855378500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               56343637214001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 151685                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   212946                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              278294493                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2057540                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14897.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2259702261                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3172335808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     48294912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          48294912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     26630080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       26630080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       754608                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             754608                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       416095                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            416095                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     11648962                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             11648962                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      6423302                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             6423302                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     18072264                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            18072264                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     754608                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    416095                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   754608                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  416095                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              48222464                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  72448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               26630784                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               48294912                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            26630080                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                  1132                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            50995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            47160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            54197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            57182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            56561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            49499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            44049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            45732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            42769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            42334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           43374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           42634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           40840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           40323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           48679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           47148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            28648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            25968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            29064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            30658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            29831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            26501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            24730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            25415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            24335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            23637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           24104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           24236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           23022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           22902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           27192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           25863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 4145851759500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               754608                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              416095                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 751739                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   1725                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   825                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 25684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 25906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 25937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 25933                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 25941                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 25917                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 25922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 25915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 25925                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 25918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 25914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 25911                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 25912                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 25908                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 25904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 25902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       725428                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   103.185033                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.240961                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   117.974139                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       561099     77.35%     77.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       114815     15.83%     93.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        24432      3.37%     96.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10040      1.38%     97.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4313      0.59%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3170      0.44%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2058      0.28%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1660      0.23%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3841      0.53%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       725428                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        25901                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.389174                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    27.453480                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    50.139813                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        25886     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           11      0.04%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        25901                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        25901                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.065248                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.061387                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.368432                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           25073     96.80%     96.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              18      0.07%     96.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18             776      3.00%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              24      0.09%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               9      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::28               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        25901                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 13568385932                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            27696060932                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                3767380000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    18007.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               36757.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       11.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        6.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    11.65                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     6.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  311039                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 133116                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                41.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               31.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   3541335.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   37.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              2963111760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              1616777250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             3193725600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            1430881200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        271039086240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        406138625280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        2133566053500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2819948260830                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           679.552544                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3545325886000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 138439340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 462089545250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              2540742120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              1386317625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             2743735800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            1265485680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        271039086240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        391231382220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        2146642582500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2816849332185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           678.805763                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3567327727005                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 138439340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 440091821745                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     47940096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          47940096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     26464448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       26464448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       749064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             749064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       413507                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            413507                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     11563379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             11563379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      6383350                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             6383350                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     17946729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            17946729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     749064                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    413507                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   749064                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  413507                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              47875712                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  64384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               26464576                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               47940096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            26464448                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                  1006                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            50699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            46891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            53059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            55820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            55218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            49441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            44069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            45001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            42970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            42581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           42526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           42063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           41500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           40528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           48389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           47303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            28584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            25762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            28171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            30820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            28870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            26584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            24810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            25195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            24149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            23632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           23897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           24109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           23184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           22954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           26982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           25806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 4145854753000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               749064                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              413507                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 746498                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1547                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 25589                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 25758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 25779                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 25777                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 25784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 25775                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 25766                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 25761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 25764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 25760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 25762                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 25756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 25758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 25753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 25752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 25750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       719831                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   103.274730                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.236082                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   118.380032                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       557131     77.40%     77.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       113593     15.78%     93.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        24015      3.34%     96.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10008      1.39%     97.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4299      0.60%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3267      0.45%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2024      0.28%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1674      0.23%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3820      0.53%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       719831                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        25749                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.352169                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    50.555474                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        25735     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           10      0.04%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        25749                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        25749                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.059226                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.055777                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.346462                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           24998     97.08%     97.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              19      0.07%     97.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18             700      2.72%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              24      0.09%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               6      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        25749                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 13453879933                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            27479967433                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                3740290000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    17985.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               36735.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       11.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        6.38                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    11.56                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     6.38                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  308441                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 133295                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                41.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               32.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   3566108.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   38.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              2923928280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              1595397375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             3153087600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            1417798080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        271039086240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        404930004975                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        2134626246750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2819685549300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           679.489236                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3547138821750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 138439340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 460278053000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              2537445960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              1384519125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             2742191400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            1261740240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        271039086240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        391031193375                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        2146818186750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2816814363090                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           678.797336                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3567622089251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 138439340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 439797598749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      8291710765                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    7143041                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     14215871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             13967929                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  7207                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     361050                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      1006390                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    13967929                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         7207                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           28261028                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          11486241                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               11825                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               5668                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             7916162                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            4805836                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      3252230                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    2017135                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   1235095                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              8255849903.965409                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              35860861.034591                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.004325                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.995675                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          1478223                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               152335      1.07%      1.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 10738600     75.54%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   21321      0.15%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    46394      0.33%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   5301      0.04%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 2017135     14.19%     91.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                1235095      8.69%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  14216181                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      8293062428                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    3666863                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      7706904                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              7534322                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  7670                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     211589                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       529601                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     7534322                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         7670                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           15366628                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           6217186                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               12678                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               6158                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             4136832                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            2307614                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1856357                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1154461                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    701896                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              8273317820.864784                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              19744607.135216                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.002381                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.997619                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           810865                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               123020      1.60%      1.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  5664726     73.50%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   16700      0.22%     75.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    40365      0.52%     75.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   5880      0.08%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1154461     14.98%     90.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 701896      9.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   7707048                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      8292071965                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                 2242563887                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                   3137737141                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses           1370718902                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses            2127696799                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    4946736                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts    125805314                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                  1370718902                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                   2127696799                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads         2756808322                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         833049163                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads          4601260665                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes         2077630858                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           739006949                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          432189794                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                    409606738                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                  354353257                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  55253481                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              25308954.476365                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              8266763010.523635                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.996948                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.003052                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                        163951802                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              2305279      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu               1681139849     53.58%     53.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   82948      0.00%     53.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                   103364      0.00%     53.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd             1044507891     33.29%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     80      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead               354353257     11.29%     98.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               55253481      1.76%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                3137746149                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      8291954162                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    4916733                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     10066435                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              9865774                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                 21169                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     253015                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       725588                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     9865774                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                        21169                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           20127179                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           8022615                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               33767                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              16439                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             5485317                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            2927811                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      2453533                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    1478850                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    974683                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              8265873551.426398                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              26080610.573602                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.003145                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.996855                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1076503                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               139458      1.39%      1.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  7399152     73.50%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   14471      0.14%     75.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    44198      0.44%     75.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                  15722      0.16%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 1478850     14.69%     90.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 974683      9.68%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  10066550                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 4872                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                4872                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                7286                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               7286                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               564                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              564                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         5546                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2382                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         9256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         6676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   25444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          532                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          532                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          532                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          532                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         2128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2773                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4764                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        10127                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2660                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1481                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4732                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8891                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           66                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          499                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4860                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         7573                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4828                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         7142                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    35861                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               161000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              3758982                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             6310500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             3127994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             3122497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             3506954                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             3164492                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              787996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             7615500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             5360500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             3569500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             2916500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           26                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       106496                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           26                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples              271273039                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.113705                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.947066                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |   267423744     98.58%     98.58% |        9966      0.00%     98.58% |     3836729      1.41%    100.00% |         788      0.00%    100.00% |        1678      0.00%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |          84      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                271273039                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   7628876751                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000378                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  7628875661    100.00%    100.00% |        1090      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   7628876751                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     7628876751                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.182311                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.038529                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         3.615395                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  7628720744    100.00%    100.00% |      110703      0.00%    100.00% |       43386      0.00%    100.00% |        1186      0.00%    100.00% |         683      0.00%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       7628876751                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   7472961891                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  7472961891    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   7472961891                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples    155914860                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     9.920418                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.358549                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    23.698465                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |   155758853     99.90%     99.90% |      110703      0.07%     99.97% |       43386      0.03%    100.00% |        1186      0.00%    100.00% |         683      0.00%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total    155914860                      
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits      2902901                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses       352780                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses      3255681                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits      9046002                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses       377643                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses      9423645                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits      1641761                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses       214444                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses      1856205                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits      4588962                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses       262449                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses      4851411                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits    347912438                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses     68408214                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses    416320652                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits   3369165364                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses      8117980                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses   3377283344                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits      2183842                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses       273705                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses      2457547                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits      6289368                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses       295888                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses      6585256                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits        552994                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses       177429                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses       730423                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits        376663                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses       100230                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses       476893                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits      66256967                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses     10269227                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses     76526194                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits        441315                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses       128278                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses       569593                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      9135928                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      1539236                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses     10675164                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            58                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.008012                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0       177429                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2        34815                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1       190592                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1       134328                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2       111068                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        42591                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         6540                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        42244                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0      1419432                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       278520                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     13722624                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1074624                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       888544                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3066552                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       470880                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       337952                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.004495                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0       100230                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2        37805                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1       117533                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1        56031                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2        51648                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        14390                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4988                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        13038                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0       801840                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       302440                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8462376                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       448248                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       413184                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1036080                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       359136                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       104304                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.445498                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0     10269227                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15755                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1     10273915                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1     10108255                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::2     10092684                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1840204                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          132                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8243281                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0     82153816                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       126040                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    739721880                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     80866040                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     80741472                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    132494688                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         9504                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     65946248                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.005724                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0       128278                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2        36014                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1       143631                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1        82729                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::2        72534                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        24840                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4297                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        24043                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0      1026224                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       288112                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10341432                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       661832                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       580272                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1788480                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       309384                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       192344                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.535650                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0     12178759                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2        82565                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1     12986055                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1     12429922                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2     10327934                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1922025                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        15957                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8322606                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0     97430072                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       660520                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    934995960                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     99439376                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     82623472                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    138385800                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1148904                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     66580848                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.037272                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0       754570                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1169910                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1076503                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          876                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          832                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0      6036560                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     84233520                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      8612024                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7008                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6656                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.037009                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0       749025                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1161776                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1068020                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          872                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          832                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0      5992200                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     83647872                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      8544160                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6976                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6656                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.000013                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1           84                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1748                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6048                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        13984                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        13312                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.082600                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0     12178759                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2       124389                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1     13021780                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1     12477894                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2     10327934                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1922025                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        15957                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8324354                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0     97430072                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       995112                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    937568160                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     99823152                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     82623472                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    138385800                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1148904                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     66594832                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        13312                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        36536277                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       331343                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     39065276                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     68417484                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      5813946                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     24978054                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        292290216                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      2650744                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   2812699872                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    547339872                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    418604112                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    199824432                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.010136                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        34815                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       169857                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       117380                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       278520                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12229704                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       939040                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.005888                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       177429                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        20735                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        16948                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       111068                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        42591                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         6540                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        42244                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1419432                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1492920                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       135584                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       888544                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3066552                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       470880                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       337952                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005749                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        37805                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        98027                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        33406                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       302440                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7057944                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       267248                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003241                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       100230                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19506                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        22625                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        51648                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        14390                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4988                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        13038                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       801840                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1404432                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       181000                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       413184                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1036080                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       359136                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       104304                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.618137                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15755                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1     10266172                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1     10096931                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       126040                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    739164384                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     80775448                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.272858                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0     10269227                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         7743                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        11324                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2     10092684                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1840204                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          132                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8243281                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     82153816                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       557496                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        90592                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     80741472                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    132494688                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         9504                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     65946248                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.007380                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        36014                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       125223                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        60771                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       288112                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9016056                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       486168                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004069                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       128278                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        18408                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        21958                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        72534                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        24840                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4297                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        24043                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1026224                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1325376                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       175664                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       580272                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1788480                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       309384                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       192344                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.374401                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0     10675164                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1534410                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1511186                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2     10327934                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1922025                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        15957                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8322606                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     85401312                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    110477520                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12089488                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     82623472                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    138385800                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1148904                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     66580848                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.696899                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1503595                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        82565                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1     11451645                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1     10918736                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     12028760                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       660520                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    824518440                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     87349888                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.029087                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       754570                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       415296                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       330584                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          876                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      6036560                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29901312                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2644672                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7008                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.045457                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       754614                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       745919                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          832                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     54332208                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5967352                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6656                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.028896                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       749025                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       412711                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       327636                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          872                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      5992200                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29715192                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2621088                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6976                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.045122                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       749065                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       740384                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          832                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     53932680                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5923072                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6656                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000015                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           84                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6048                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        13312                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000011                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1748                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        13984                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.link_utilization     0.010136                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        34815                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1       169857                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1       117380                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       278520                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12229704                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       939040                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.link_utilization     0.005749                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2        37805                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1        98027                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1        33406                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       302440                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7057944                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       267248                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.link_utilization     0.618137                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15755                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1     10266172                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1     10096931                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       126040                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    739164384                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     80775448                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.link_utilization     0.007380                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2        36014                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1       125223                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1        60771                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       288112                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9016056                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       486168                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.link_utilization     0.374401                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0     10675164                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1534410                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1511186                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2     10327934                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1922025                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        15957                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8322606                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0     85401312                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    110477520                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12089488                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     82623472                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    138385800                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1148904                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     66580848                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.link_utilization     0.029087                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0       754570                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1       415296                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1       330584                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          876                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0      6036560                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29901312                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2644672                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7008                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.link_utilization     0.028896                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0       749025                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       412711                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       327636                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          872                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0      5992200                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29715192                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2621088                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6976                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.link_utilization     0.000015                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1           84                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6048                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        13312                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle12.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      61985281                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         0.488591                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        1.917350                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    58203139     93.90%     93.90% |        2898      0.00%     93.90% |     3776764      6.09%    100.00% |         726      0.00%    100.00% |        1623      0.00%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |          82      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        61985281                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples     203527037                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.002750                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.142796                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |   203459884     99.97%     99.97% |        7068      0.00%     99.97% |       59965      0.03%    100.00% |          62      0.00%    100.00% |          55      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total       203527037                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       5760721                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000003                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.002500                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     5760712    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         5760721                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    727904001                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.484090                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.388200                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      9.976744                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   727789225     99.98%     99.98% |       84956      0.01%    100.00% |       28851      0.00%    100.00% |         574      0.00%    100.00% |         375      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     727904001                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    595755782                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   595755782    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    595755782                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples    132148219                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     9.174724                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.090586                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    22.216455                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |   132033443     99.91%     99.91% |       84956      0.06%     99.98% |       28851      0.02%    100.00% |         574      0.00%    100.00% |         375      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total    132148219                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    114452867                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.201935                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.114621                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     13.699246                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   114414483     99.97%     99.97% |       23623      0.02%     99.99% |       13858      0.01%    100.00% |         581      0.00%    100.00% |         293      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     114452867                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    108802107                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   108802107    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    108802107                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5650760                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    25.344490                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     9.006064                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    56.901147                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     5612376     99.32%     99.32% |       23623      0.42%     99.74% |       13858      0.25%     99.98% |         581      0.01%     99.99% |         293      0.01%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      5650760                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   6784829177                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.024816                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.005405                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.753366                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  6784807874    100.00%    100.00% |       19037      0.00%    100.00% |         786      0.00%    100.00% |         936      0.00%    100.00% |         350      0.00%    100.00% |         163      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   6784829177                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   6767022148                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  6767022148    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   6767022148                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     17807029                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.455281                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     7.796976                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    11.273161                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |    17785726     99.88%     99.88% |       19037      0.11%     99.99% |         786      0.00%     99.99% |         936      0.01%    100.00% |         350      0.00%    100.00% |         163      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     17807029                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       974838                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     4.071234                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.687620                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    14.790663                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      970887     99.59%     99.59% |        3619      0.37%     99.97% |         106      0.01%     99.98% |         130      0.01%     99.99% |          60      0.01%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       974838                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       724631                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      724631    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       724631                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       250207                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    12.965916                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     7.682296                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    27.311172                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      246256     98.42%     98.42% |        3619      1.45%     99.87% |         106      0.04%     99.91% |         130      0.05%     99.96% |          60      0.02%     99.99% |          29      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       250207                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       357934                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     5.529578                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.530818                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    22.816768                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      352732     98.55%     98.55% |        4953      1.38%     99.93% |          68      0.02%     99.95% |          98      0.03%     99.98% |          50      0.01%     99.99% |          25      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       357934                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       299289                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      299289    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       299289                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        58645                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    28.645835                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    13.448180                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    50.382804                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       53443     91.13%     91.13% |        4953      8.45%     99.58% |          68      0.12%     99.69% |          98      0.17%     99.86% |          50      0.09%     99.94% |          25      0.04%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           8      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        58645                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       357934                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      357934    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       357934                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       357934                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      357934    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       357934                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      754570     50.18%     50.18% |      749025     49.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1503595                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      415296     50.16%     50.16% |      412711     49.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       828007                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      754608     50.18%     50.18% |      749064     49.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1503672                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      416095     50.16%     50.16% |      413507     49.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       829602                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          44     52.38%     52.38% |          40     47.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           84                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         832     50.00%     50.00% |         832     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         1664                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      330584     50.22%     50.22% |      327636     49.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       658220                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      754570     50.18%     50.18% |      749025     49.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1503595                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          38     49.35%     49.35% |          39     50.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           77                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         799     50.09%     50.09% |         796     49.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         1595                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          38     49.35%     49.35% |          39     50.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           77                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         799     50.09%     50.09% |         796     49.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         1595                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      415257     50.16%     50.16% |      412674     49.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       827931                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           6     85.71%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |          33     47.83%     47.83% |          36     52.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total           69                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      330584     50.22%     50.22% |      327636     49.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       658220                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      754570     50.18%     50.18% |      749025     49.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1503595                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      415257     50.16%     50.16% |      412674     49.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       827931                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |           6     85.71%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           6     85.71%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |          33     47.83%     47.83% |          36     52.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total           69                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |          33     47.83%     47.83% |          36     52.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total           69                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          84    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           84                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         1664                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          84    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             84                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            1664                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          84    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           84                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         1664                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          84    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           84                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         1664                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |     1864058      0.51%      0.51% |     1077194      0.30%      0.81% |   360673060     98.81%     99.62% |     1390799      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total    365005111                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     9423645      0.00%      0.00% |     4851411      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072791867392    100.00%    100.00% |     6585256      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072812726272                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |     1391623      2.36%      2.36% |      779011      1.32%      3.69% |    55647592     94.50%     98.19% |     1066748      1.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total     58884974                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |       83310      2.98%      2.98% |       65426      2.34%      5.32% |     2576300     92.12%     97.44% |       71589      2.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total      2796625                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |      708215      0.93%      0.93% |      462029      0.61%      1.54% |    74111452     97.73%     99.27% |      551470      0.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total     75833166                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |      374080     26.03%     26.03% |      299417     20.83%     46.86% |      431133     30.00%     76.85% |      332682     23.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total      1437312                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      356343      0.46%      0.46% |      177476      0.23%      0.69% |    76095061     99.00%     99.69% |      236911      0.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total     76865791                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      252302      0.38%      0.38% |      156867      0.24%      0.62% |    65608317     99.08%     99.70% |      198073      0.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     66215559                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      377643      4.17%      4.17% |      262449      2.90%      7.07% |     8117980     89.66%     96.73% |      295888      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total      9053960                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       94345      3.12%      3.12% |       55696      1.84%      4.97% |     2796932     92.62%     97.59% |       72921      2.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      3019894                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |       67234     19.75%     19.75% |       52446     15.41%     35.16% |      164523     48.33%     83.50% |       56178     16.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total       340381                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      188890     30.31%     30.31% |      143355     23.01%     53.32% |      118662     19.04%     72.36% |      172222     27.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       623129                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     6325303     27.40%     27.40% |     4123206     17.86%     45.26% |     8063188     34.93%     80.19% |     4572655     19.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     23084352                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        6133     44.80%     44.80% |        1881     13.74%     58.54% |        2965     21.66%     80.20% |        2711     19.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        13690                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        5126     15.48%     15.48% |        5807     17.54%     33.02% |       14291     43.16%     76.18% |        7886     23.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        33110                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |      362803     26.09%     26.09% |      291731     20.98%     47.07% |      413876     29.76%     76.84% |      322087     23.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total      1390497                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |      408457      0.18%      0.18% |      209421      0.09%      0.28% |   221632141     99.60%     99.87% |      278693      0.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total    222528712                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |     2720699      0.00%      0.00% |      465756      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072775686144    100.00%    100.00% |     1716713      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total 18446744072780589056                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       59496      1.26%      1.26% |       28868      0.61%      1.88% |     4586094     97.41%     99.29% |       33376      0.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      4707834                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        4261      0.18%      0.18% |        3044      0.13%      0.31% |     2378159     99.56%     99.87% |        3180      0.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total      2388644                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |      192127      0.29%      0.29% |       87978      0.13%      0.42% |    66330908     99.39%     99.81% |      124722      0.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total     66735735                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1014409      1.34%      1.34% |      567551      0.75%      2.09% |    73313940     96.93%     99.02% |      741811      0.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     75637711                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     1231649      2.41%      2.41% |      692566      1.35%      3.76% |    48261601     94.36%     98.13% |      957740      1.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     51143556                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        6689     19.39%     19.39% |        4129     11.97%     31.37% |       19327     56.04%     87.40% |        4344     12.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        34489                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |      153285      1.99%      1.99% |       82320      1.07%      3.06% |     7366668     95.58%     98.64% |      104661      1.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total      7706934                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data |      303605     26.58%     26.58% |      241812     21.17%     47.75% |      336152     29.43%     77.19% |      260565     22.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data::total      1142134                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive |       74038      0.94%      0.94% |       20637      0.26%      1.20% |     7781828     98.36%     99.55% |       35323      0.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive::total      7911826                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       70475     23.88%     23.88% |       57605     19.52%     43.39% |       94981     32.18%     75.57% |       72117     24.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total       295178                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      181827      0.28%      0.28% |       99262      0.15%      0.43% |    65513336     99.38%     99.81% |      125956      0.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total     65920381                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |       94345      3.12%      3.12% |       55696      1.84%      4.97% |     2796932     92.62%     97.59% |       72922      2.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total      3019895                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |        6133     44.80%     44.80% |        1881     13.74%     58.54% |        2965     21.66%     80.20% |        2710     19.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total        13689                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      629945      0.84%      0.84% |      419316      0.56%      1.39% |    73726297     97.95%     99.34% |      493961      0.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     75269519                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      100478      3.31%      3.31% |       57577      1.90%      5.21% |     2799897     92.30%     97.51% |       75633      2.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      3033585                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |      345412      0.46%      0.46% |      170298      0.23%      0.69% |    73697576     99.00%     99.69% |      229383      0.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total     74442669                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |        6689     19.39%     19.39% |        4129     11.97%     31.37% |       19327     56.04%     87.40% |        4344     12.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total        34489                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       23488     26.45%     26.45% |       27613     31.09%     57.54% |       11456     12.90%     70.44% |       26255     29.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        88812                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |      140120      2.55%      2.55% |       98662      1.80%      4.35% |     5145672     93.64%     97.99% |      110516      2.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      5494970                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |       26500     26.96%     26.96% |       32190     32.75%     59.72% |        6928      7.05%     66.77% |       32662     33.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        98280                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      150846      1.42%      1.42% |       76047      0.72%      2.14% |    10261740     96.88%     99.03% |      103251      0.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     10591884                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        1919     40.30%     40.30% |         878     18.44%     58.74% |         855     17.95%     76.69% |        1110     23.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         4762                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        9408     30.53%     30.53% |        9314     30.22%     60.75% |        3445     11.18%     71.93% |        8649     28.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        30816                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        3043     46.16%     46.16% |         258      3.91%     50.08% |        1324     20.08%     70.16% |        1967     29.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         6592                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       65804      0.69%      0.69% |       27866      0.29%      0.98% |     9436837     98.60%     99.57% |       40690      0.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      9571197                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        8111     26.32%     26.32% |        8768     28.45%     54.78% |        4765     15.46%     70.24% |        9171     29.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        30815                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       92899      8.84%      8.84% |       61135      5.82%     14.66% |      823246     78.35%     93.01% |       73395      6.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1050675                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |       76621      2.77%      2.77% |       61297      2.22%      4.99% |     2556973     92.57%     97.57% |       67245      2.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total      2762136                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       21930     53.00%     53.00% |        3517      8.50%     61.50% |        9067     21.91%     83.41% |        6866     16.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        41380                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |       10615     47.23%     47.23% |        2461     10.95%     58.18% |        4379     19.48%     77.66% |        5022     22.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        22477                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       84835      0.83%      0.83% |       27428      0.27%      1.10% |    10083485     98.43%     99.52% |       48883      0.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total     10244631                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      140276      1.41%      1.41% |       85216      0.86%      2.27% |     9618145     96.67%     98.94% |      105605      1.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      9949242                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       29580      4.17%      4.17% |       12811      1.80%      5.97% |      648027     91.27%     97.24% |       19617      2.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       710035                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |        6396     24.32%     24.32% |        6630     25.21%     49.53% |        7846     29.83%     79.36% |        5428     20.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total        26300                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      295252     28.15%     28.15% |      238739     22.76%     50.91% |      249272     23.77%     74.68% |      265623     25.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      1048886                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        6430     44.24%     44.24% |        2166     14.90%     59.15% |        3046     20.96%     80.11% |        2891     19.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        14533                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |       65372     19.10%     19.10% |       47726     13.95%     33.05% |      176349     51.54%     84.59% |       52739     15.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       342186                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |        6988     22.32%     22.32% |       10527     33.63%     55.95% |        2464      7.87%     63.82% |       11326     36.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        31305                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |        4356     41.96%     41.96% |        3328     32.06%     74.02% |         553      5.33%     79.35% |        2144     20.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total        10381                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |        1143     84.42%     84.42% |          37      2.73%     87.15% |           9      0.66%     87.81% |         165     12.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total         1354                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |       10258     22.51%     22.51% |       15754     34.56%     57.07% |        3473      7.62%     64.69% |       16094     35.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total        45579                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |       66011     19.01%     19.01% |       48619     14.00%     33.01% |      178255     51.33%     84.34% |       54368     15.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total       347253                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |       64586      0.78%      0.78% |       26144      0.32%      1.10% |     8120694     98.43%     99.53% |       39058      0.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total      8250482                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |         677      0.05%      0.05% |         156      0.01%      0.06% |     1315994     99.91%     99.97% |         361      0.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      1317188                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |         555     15.77%     15.77% |        1553     44.12%     59.89% |         143      4.06%     63.95% |        1269     36.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         3520                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv    |         293     30.08%     30.08% |         241     24.74%     54.83% |           5      0.51%     55.34% |         435     44.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv::total          974                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |         619      0.05%      0.05% |         131      0.01%      0.06% |     1315627     99.92%     99.98% |         311      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total      1316688                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           9     60.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           3     20.00%     80.00% |           3     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total           15                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |         139      6.91%      6.91% |        1152     57.26%     64.17% |         116      5.77%     69.93% |         605     30.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total         2012                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |      280826      0.42%      0.42% |      144154      0.22%      0.64% |    65576881     99.07%     99.71% |      190325      0.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total     66192186                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |        4011      0.37%      0.37% |        1449      0.13%      0.50% |     1080493     99.30%     99.80% |        2158      0.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      1088111                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |        5707     39.87%     39.87% |        4015     28.05%     67.91% |         857      5.99%     73.90% |        3736     26.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        14315                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      190061      0.30%      0.30% |       92033      0.14%      0.44% |    63858327     99.37%     99.81% |      120589      0.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     64261010                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |       63325      2.74%      2.74% |       42563      1.84%      4.59% |     2148815     93.12%     97.71% |       52959      2.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total      2307662                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |        6540     40.99%     40.99% |        4988     31.26%     72.24% |         132      0.83%     73.07% |        4297     26.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total        15957                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       84216      0.94%      0.94% |       27297      0.31%      1.25% |     8767858     98.21%     99.46% |       48572      0.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      8927943                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |        1910     40.24%     40.24% |         878     18.50%     58.73% |         852     17.95%     76.68% |        1107     23.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         4747                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        9269     32.18%     32.18% |        8162     28.34%     60.52% |        3328     11.55%     72.07% |        8044     27.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        28803                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       65804      0.69%      0.69% |       27866      0.29%      0.98% |     9436837     98.60%     99.57% |       40690      0.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      9571197                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        8111     26.32%     26.32% |        8768     28.45%     54.78% |        4765     15.46%     70.24% |        9171     29.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        30815                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       66361     19.11%     19.11% |       48582     13.99%     33.10% |      176543     50.84%     83.95% |       55744     16.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       347230                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        3043     46.16%     46.16% |         258      3.91%     50.08% |        1324     20.08%     70.16% |        1967     29.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         6592                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       26538      3.77%      3.77% |       12553      1.78%      5.56% |      646703     91.93%     97.49% |       17651      2.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       703445                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |       21930     53.00%     53.00% |        3517      8.50%     61.50% |        9067     21.91%     83.41% |        6866     16.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        41380                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |       10615     47.23%     47.23% |        2461     10.95%     58.18% |        4379     19.48%     77.66% |        5022     22.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total        22477                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       84835      0.83%      0.83% |       27428      0.27%      1.10% |    10083485     98.43%     99.52% |       48883      0.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total     10244631                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.Store |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.Store::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       65372     19.10%     19.10% |       47726     13.95%     33.05% |      176349     51.54%     84.59% |       52739     15.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       342186                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        6988     22.32%     22.32% |       10527     33.63%     55.95% |        2464      7.87%     63.82% |       11326     36.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        31305                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |       72360     19.37%     19.37% |       58253     15.60%     34.97% |      178813     47.88%     82.85% |       64065     17.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total       373491                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.WriteBack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.WriteBack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |         172     16.90%     16.90% |         185     18.17%     35.07% |         385     37.82%     72.89% |         276     27.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total         1018                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |         677      0.05%      0.05% |         156      0.01%      0.06% |     1315994     99.91%     99.97% |         361      0.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      1317188                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         555     15.77%     15.77% |        1553     44.12%     59.89% |         143      4.06%     63.95% |        1269     36.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         3520                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |        1060      0.08%      0.08% |        1524      0.12%      0.20% |     1315751     99.70%     99.90% |        1354      0.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total      1319689                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |        6517     19.47%     19.47% |        3944     11.78%     31.25% |       18942     56.59%     87.85% |        4068     12.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total        33471                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        4011      0.37%      0.37% |        1449      0.13%      0.50% |     1080493     99.30%     99.80% |        2158      0.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      1088111                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        5707     39.87%     39.87% |        4015     28.05%     67.91% |         857      5.99%     73.90% |        3736     26.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        14315                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |        3201      0.30%      0.30% |        1520      0.14%      0.44% |     1062408     99.39%     99.83% |        1826      0.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total      1068955                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.Fwd_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.L0_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.L0_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        9949471      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         710042      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE        15887      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX       10244631      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement       819298      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean       666853      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       1503595      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        1486227      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          22713      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean        24059      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              16329      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all           8554      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          30815      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock     10297119      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv            152      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      1117236      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX       386359      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       347102      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         6592      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE        15885      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          493      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean         7087      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      8454025      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       312324      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       817496      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean       644148      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv           72      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        30815      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         4762      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX     10244631      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         1309      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        15618      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      1486227      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv           72      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data         1075      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean          170      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all           68      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data         8633      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean         6079      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all          906      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          15682      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all         7087      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            647      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          493      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS           64      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data      1117172      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data           64      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data       386359      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           44      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        22477      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS          182      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock     10274642      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data        12998      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean        17788      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           29      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean           22      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        30786      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
