
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.356562                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2356562044000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               55182352676001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 140016                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   253801                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              251326884                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1850076                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  9376.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1312857586                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2379764227                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     20092480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          20092480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      9891968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        9891968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       313945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             313945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       154562                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            154562                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      8526183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              8526183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4197627                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             4197627                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12723810                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            12723810                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     313945                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    154562                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   313945                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  154562                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              20046144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  46336                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                9889088                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               20092480                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             9891968                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   724                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   32                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            21565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            18047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            16182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            18998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            17649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            15970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            19911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            20989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            17620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            20209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           21682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           19298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           21301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           24120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           19876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           19804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            11219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             9375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             8513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             9398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             8549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             7822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             9762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            10323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             8842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            10134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           10583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            8964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           10060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           11356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            9667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            9950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 2356554741000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               313945                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              154562                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 312943                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    277                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   370                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                  9603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                  9614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                  9612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                  9614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                  9612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                  9616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                  9612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                  9613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                  9614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                  9613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                  9612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                  9612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                  9612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                  9611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                  9611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                  9611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       202964                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   147.492876                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   106.555200                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   160.365802                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       115241     56.78%     56.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        57245     28.20%     84.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        11689      5.76%     90.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5901      2.91%     93.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4713      2.32%     95.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4366      2.15%     98.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2874      1.42%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          618      0.30%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          317      0.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       202964                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9611                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     32.587452                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    27.035266                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    44.486665                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         9462     98.45%     98.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          125      1.30%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           20      0.21%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         9611                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9611                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.077099                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.072770                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.387348                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16            9242     96.16%     96.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      0.01%     96.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18             366      3.81%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19               1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         9611                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  3897516996                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             9770410746                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1566105000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    12443.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               31193.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        8.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        4.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     8.53                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     4.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  197988                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  66792                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                63.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               43.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   5029924.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   56.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy               750466080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy               409480500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             1202939400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy             491443200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        154661741520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        198987533235                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1246208274750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1602711878685                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           676.840549                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2065555672501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  78690560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 212316396249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy               814680720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy               444518250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             1316421600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy             520531920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        154661741520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        216675189270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1230692795250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1605125878530                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           677.860000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2040278875500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  78690560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 237592961500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     21595264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          21595264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     13847040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       13847040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       337426                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             337426                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       216360                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            216360                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      9163885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              9163885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      5875950                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             5875950                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     15039835                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            15039835                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     337426                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    216360                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   337426                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  216360                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              21572032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  23232                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               13846464                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               21595264                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            13847040                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   363                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            22694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            19675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            18049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            20170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            19145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            18224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            21181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            22581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            19868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            21594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           22557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           21134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           22687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           24568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           21364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           21572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            14913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            13126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            12374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            13263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            12430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            11951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            13627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            14205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            12826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            14087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           14383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           12974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           13982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           14941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           13408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           13861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 2356561835000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               337426                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              216360                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 336715                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 13451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 13477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 13478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 13475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 13474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 13477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 13476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 13476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 13479                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 13477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 13477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 13479                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 13477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 13474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 13474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 13474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       224669                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   157.647740                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.947430                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   164.517576                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       130604     58.13%     58.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        50099     22.30%     80.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        16639      7.41%     87.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9864      4.39%     92.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        10809      4.81%     97.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4112      1.83%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1868      0.83%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          386      0.17%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          288      0.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       224669                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        13474                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     25.015808                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    21.811748                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    38.034958                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        13339     99.00%     99.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          123      0.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            9      0.07%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        13474                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        13474                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.056924                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.053665                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.336694                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           13093     97.17%     97.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      0.01%     97.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18             378      2.81%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19               1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        13474                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  4350653246                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            10670584496                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1685315000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    12907.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               31657.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        9.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        5.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     9.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     5.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  228024                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 100722                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                67.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               46.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   4255365.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   59.40                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy               829626840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy               452673375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             1299737400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy             691649280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        154661741520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        179416795275                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1263375597000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1600727820690                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           676.002658                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2094337545250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  78690560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 183534084750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy               899277120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy               490677000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             1405404000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy             720815760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        154661741520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        191992726935                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1252344069750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1602514712085                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           676.757284                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2076536392251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  78690560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 201335840249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20031232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          20031232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      9831616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        9831616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       312988                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             312988                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       153619                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            153619                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      8500193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              8500193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4172017                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total             4172017                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12672210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            12672210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     312988                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    153619                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   312988                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  153619                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              20003712                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  27520                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                9831296                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               20031232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             9831616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   430                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            21767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            17813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            15827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            18899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            17426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            16226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            17384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            20163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           21881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           19495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           21276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           23819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           19602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           19899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            11240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             8797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             8086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             9436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             8505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             7950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             9775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            10326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             8771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            10132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           10665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            8988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           10031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           11253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            9613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           10046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 2356567872500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               312988                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              153619                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 312283                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    274                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                   311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                   311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                  9544                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                  9565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                  9563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                  9563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                  9564                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                  9565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                  9565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                  9564                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                  9563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                  9564                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                  9564                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                  9562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                  9563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                  9562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                  9562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                  9562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       200395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   148.881000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   107.535525                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   161.102604                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       112178     55.98%     55.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        57504     28.70%     84.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        11858      5.92%     90.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6112      3.05%     93.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4624      2.31%     95.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4230      2.11%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2919      1.46%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          658      0.33%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          312      0.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       200395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9562                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     32.686886                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    27.096661                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    47.491784                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         9404     98.35%     98.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          132      1.38%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           20      0.21%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::3456-3583            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total         9562                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9562                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.065049                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.061411                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.354796                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16            9251     96.75%     96.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18             311      3.25%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total         9562                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  3877637246                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             9738099746                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1562790000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    12406.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               31156.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        8.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        4.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     8.50                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     4.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  198102                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  67675                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                63.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               44.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   5050434.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   57.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy               738052560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy               402707250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             1200786600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy             485766720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        154661741520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        198095656230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        1246990631250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1602575342130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           676.782884                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2066962209000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  78690560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 210910037250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy               807536520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy               440620125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             1313457600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy             520318080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        154661741520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        215824288140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        1231439199750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1605007161735                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           677.809865                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2041583517250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  78690560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 236288729000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     21553600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          21553600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     13814976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       13814976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       336775                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             336775                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       215859                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            215859                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      9146205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              9146205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3      5862343                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total             5862343                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     15008549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            15008549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     336775                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    215859                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   336775                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  215859                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              21535936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  17664                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               13814912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               21553600                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            13814976                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   276                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            22655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            19078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            17954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            20329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            19012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            18206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            21343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            22263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            19829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            21756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           22469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           22807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           24605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           21549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           21649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            14778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            12813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            12176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            13316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            12502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            11904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            13654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            14091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            12840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            14188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           14324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           12936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           13992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           14932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           13536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           13876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 2356556583000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               336775                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              215859                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 336182                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    315                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                   341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                   347                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 13431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 13449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 13449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 13451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 13450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 13448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 13450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 13448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 13451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 13450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 13450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 13450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 13449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 13449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 13448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 13448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       224357                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   157.565737                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.858209                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   164.413707                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       130710     58.26%     58.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        49704     22.15%     80.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        16651      7.42%     87.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9898      4.41%     92.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        10801      4.81%     97.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4119      1.84%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1815      0.81%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          365      0.16%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          294      0.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       224357                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        13448                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     25.022234                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    21.811415                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    47.604486                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        13433     99.89%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           14      0.10%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        13448                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        13448                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.051309                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.048416                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.316451                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16           13103     97.43%     97.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      0.01%     97.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18             343      2.55%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        13448                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  4315068992                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            10624425242                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1682495000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    12823.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               31573.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        9.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        5.86                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     9.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     5.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  227890                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 100111                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                67.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               46.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   4264226.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   59.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy               824274360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy               449752875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             1292491200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy             687191040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        154661741520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        178682452875                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        1264019757000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1600617660870                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           675.956137                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2095417297251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  78690560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 182454948999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy               901530000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy               491906250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             1408048200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy             721729440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        154661741520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        191629163835                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        1252662984750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1602477103995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           676.741401                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2076984859750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  78690560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 200887372750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      4711093704                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1297405173                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   2348634156                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           1506664551                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses            1130300403                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     802402                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    160862139                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  1506664551                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                   1130300403                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         2940016617                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        1033745391                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads          1382500491                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes         1075410492                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           938970272                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          528039410                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    388308022                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  349929668                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  38378354                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              22949061.430910                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              4688144642.569090                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.995129                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.004871                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        166254465                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              3901071      0.17%      0.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               1228730634     52.32%     52.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                 4265698      0.18%     52.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                      713      0.00%     52.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd              723444344     30.80%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               349929668     14.90%     98.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               38378354      1.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                2348650482                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      4711113218                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    5128166                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     10285419                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             10104442                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1893                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     262437                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       891462                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    10104442                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         1893                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           19943991                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           8221550                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                3183                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               1511                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             6610919                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            3521533                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      2261422                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1468931                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    792491                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              4687909328.262086                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              23203889.737914                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.004925                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.995075                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1204875                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                74440      0.72%      0.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  7914453     76.95%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   11634      0.11%     77.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    22126      0.22%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   1434      0.01%     78.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1468931     14.28%     92.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 792491      7.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  10285509                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      4713250544                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    1934330                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      4138197                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              4051654                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    39                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     108796                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       324805                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     4051654                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           39                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            8089828                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           3346641                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  63                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                 31                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             2504156                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1271295                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       933599                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     580887                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    352712                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              4704599141.903825                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              8651402.096175                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.001836                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.998164                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           468826                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                71910      1.74%      1.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  3099808     74.91%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    7463      0.18%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    25409      0.61%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                     30      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  580887     14.04%     91.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 352712      8.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   4138219                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      4715123952                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    3639527                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      7481616                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              7269841                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                   372                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     165098                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       591934                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     7269841                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                          372                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           14178396                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           5997907                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                 596                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                261                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             4526820                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            2778227                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1527382                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     948392                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    578990                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              4696719802.113728                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              18404149.886272                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.003903                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.996097                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           816831                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                77893      1.04%      1.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  5841470     78.08%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    8310      0.11%     79.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    26403      0.35%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                    244      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  948392     12.68%     92.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 578990      7.74%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   7481702                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  403                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 403                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3065                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3065                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                55                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               55                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           88                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          562                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1796                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1644                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    7046                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2452                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2788                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          260                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           87                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2420                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2783                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          220                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2468                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2721                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    11188                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1592500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                26996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              113000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1677454                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1506488                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1499990                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1529489                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               75960                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1221000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1300500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1375500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1209000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages          356                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      1458176                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs          356                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               13716575                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.597218                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 2.100752                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    12697225     92.57%     92.57% |        1746      0.01%     92.58% |     1016984      7.41%    100.00% |         111      0.00%    100.00% |         492      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 13716575                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   2273812422                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.001963                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001361                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.044258                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2269349859     99.80%     99.80% |     4462563      0.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   2273812422                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     2273812422                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.086568                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.004077                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         3.787318                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  2273745315    100.00%    100.00% |       52265      0.00%    100.00% |       14349      0.00%    100.00% |         341      0.00%    100.00% |         149      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       2273812422                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2271496938                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2271496938    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2271496938                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2315484                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    86.010256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    54.355306                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    82.862857                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     2248377     97.10%     97.10% |       52265      2.26%     99.36% |       14349      0.62%     99.98% |         341      0.01%     99.99% |         149      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2315484                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits    391294006                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1996549                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    393290555                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits   1861736648                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        35254                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1861771902                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           598                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      2169676                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        93475                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      2263151                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      6610242                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        40311                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      6650553                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits       910037                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        23097                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       933134                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      2503976                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        27601                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      2531577                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1465550                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        63711                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1529261                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      4806803                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        35486                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4842289                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      1019751                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      1295733                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      2315484                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            10                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.178552                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::0      2031803                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15680                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2036637                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2007238                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1984566                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       913878                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          369                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1064351                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::0     16254424                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       125440                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    146637864                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     16057904                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     15876528                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     65799216                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        26568                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      8514808                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.011238                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::0       133786                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::2        28487                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::1       140014                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::1       102463                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::2        85410                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        51403                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2639                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        22039                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::0      1070288                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       227896                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10081008                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       819704                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       683280                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3701016                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       190008                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       176312                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.003500                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::0        50698                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2        23308                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::1        55579                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::1        27593                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2        14575                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         2607                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2132                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          890                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::0       405584                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       186464                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4001688                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       220744                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       116600                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       187704                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       153504                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7120                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.008132                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::0        99197                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::2        29344                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::1       105565                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::1        71634                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2        58321                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        32094                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2817                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10236                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::0       793576                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       234752                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7600680                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       573072                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       466568                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2310768                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       202824                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81888                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.312045                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0      3593886                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2        60457                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1      4321935                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3964591                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2142872                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       999982                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         7957                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1097516                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0     28751088                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       483656                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    311179320                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     31716728                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     17142976                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     71998704                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       572904                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      8780128                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.026482                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0       308217                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1       468592                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1       461193                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5813                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0      2465736                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     33738624                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3689544                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46504                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.030598                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0       331731                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1       553842                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1       446412                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5751                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0      2653848                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     39876624                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3571296                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46008                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.026380                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0       307327                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1       466657                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1       460321                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5711                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0      2458616                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     33599304                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3682568                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45688                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.030535                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0       331127                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1       552682                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1       445685                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5696                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0      2649016                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     39793104                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3565480                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45568                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.001218                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1653912                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       183768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.057170                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0      3593886                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2        96819                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1      4362237                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3993565                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2142872                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       999982                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         7957                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1120487                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0     28751088                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       774552                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    314081064                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     31948520                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     17142976                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     71998704                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       572904                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      8963896                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        10781658                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       254095                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     13086711                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     18409311                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      3023817                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      3361461                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         86253264                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      2032760                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    942243192                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    147274488                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    217714824                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     26891688                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.214925                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15680                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2027449                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1996614                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       125440                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    145976328                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     15972912                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.142180                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      2031803                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9188                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        10624                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      1984566                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       913878                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          369                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1064351                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     16254424                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       661536                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        84992                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     15876528                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     65799216                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        26568                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      8514808                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.013703                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        28487                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       131332                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        81185                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       227896                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9455904                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       649480                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.008774                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       133786                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         8682                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        21278                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        85410                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        51403                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2639                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        22039                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1070288                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       625104                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       170224                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       683280                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3701016                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       190008                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       176312                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005029                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        23308                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        48980                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9926                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       186464                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3526560                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        79408                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001972                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        50698                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         6599                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        17667                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        14575                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         2607                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2132                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          890                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       405584                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       475128                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       141336                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       116600                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       187704                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       153504                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7120                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.010080                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        29344                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        96798                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        49672                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       234752                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6969456                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       397376                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.006183                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        99197                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         8767                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        21962                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        58321                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        32094                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2817                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        10236                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       793576                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       631224                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       175696                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       466568                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2310768                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       202824                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        81888                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.292755                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      2315484                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1294307                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1319682                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2142872                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       999982                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         7957                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1097516                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     18523872                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     93190104                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     10557456                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     17142976                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     71998704                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       572904                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      8780128                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.331335                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1278402                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        60457                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3027628                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2644909                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     10227216                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       483656                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    217989216                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     21159272                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.019715                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       308217                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       154562                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       153273                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5813                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2465736                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11128464                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1226184                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46504                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.033250                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       314030                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       307920                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     22610160                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2463360                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.025458                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       331731                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       216360                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       114998                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5751                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2653848                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15577920                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       919984                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46008                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.035738                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       337482                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       331414                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     24298704                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2651312                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.019615                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       307327                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       153619                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       153326                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5711                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2458616                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11060568                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1226608                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45688                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.033145                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       313038                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       306995                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     22538736                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2455960                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.025402                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       331127                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       215859                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       114889                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5696                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2649016                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15541848                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       919112                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45568                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.035669                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       336823                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       330796                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     24251256                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2646368                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002193                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1653912                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000244                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       183768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.214925                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15680                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2027449                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1996614                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       125440                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    145976328                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     15972912                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.013703                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        28487                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       131332                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        81185                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       227896                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9455904                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       649480                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.link_utilization     0.005029                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        23308                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::1        48980                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9926                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       186464                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3526560                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        79408                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.link_utilization     0.010080                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        29344                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::1        96798                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::1        49672                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       234752                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6969456                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       397376                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.link_utilization     0.292755                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0      2315484                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1294307                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1319682                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2142872                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       999982                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         7957                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1097516                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0     18523872                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     93190104                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     10557456                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     17142976                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     71998704                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       572904                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      8780128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.link_utilization     0.019715                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Control::0       308217                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1       154562                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1       153273                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5813                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::0      2465736                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11128464                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1226184                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46504                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.link_utilization     0.025458                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Control::0       331731                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1       216360                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1       114998                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5751                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::0      2653848                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15577920                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       919984                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46008                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.link_utilization     0.019615                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Control::0       307327                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1       153619                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1       153326                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5711                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Control::0      2458616                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11060568                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1226608                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45688                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.link_utilization     0.025402                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0       331127                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1       215859                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1       114889                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5696                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0      2649016                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15541848                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       919112                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45568                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.link_utilization     0.002193                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1653912                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle10.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       6555854                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.222951                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        2.881446                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     5554697     84.73%     84.73% |         497      0.01%     84.74% |     1000060     15.25%     99.99% |          99      0.00%     99.99% |         484      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         6555854                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       7063902                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.024674                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.409561                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     7029751     99.52%     99.52% |       15958      0.23%     99.74% |         465      0.01%     99.75% |         784      0.01%     99.76% |       16855      0.24%    100.00% |          69      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         7063902                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         96819                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000041                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.009090                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       96817    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           96819                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    356420212                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.353892                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.018114                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      7.500488                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   356381579     99.99%     99.99% |       29543      0.01%    100.00% |        8821      0.00%    100.00% |         188      0.00%    100.00% |          78      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     356420212                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    354759580                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   354759580    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    354759580                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1660632                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    76.955483                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    47.137036                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    79.574598                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1621999     97.67%     97.67% |       29543      1.78%     99.45% |        8821      0.53%     99.98% |         188      0.01%    100.00% |          78      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1660632                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     39941519                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.644272                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.060739                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     17.262579                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    39833330     99.73%     99.73% |       80617      0.20%     99.93% |       12908      0.03%     99.96% |        9112      0.02%     99.99% |        3739      0.01%    100.00% |        1593      0.00%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |         121      0.00%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      39941519                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     39447511                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    39447511    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     39447511                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       494008                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   133.942612                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   117.621811                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    81.476885                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      385819     78.10%     78.10% |       80617     16.32%     94.42% |       12908      2.61%     97.03% |        9112      1.84%     98.88% |        3739      0.76%     99.63% |        1593      0.32%     99.96% |          28      0.01%     99.96% |         121      0.02%     99.99% |          61      0.01%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       494008                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   1875796321                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.002240                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000226                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.482320                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  1875786432    100.00%    100.00% |        9153      0.00%    100.00% |         353      0.00%    100.00% |         213      0.00%    100.00% |         122      0.00%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   1875796321                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1875657669                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1875657669    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1875657669                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       138652                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    31.300753                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    21.381300                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    47.214329                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      128763     92.87%     92.87% |        9153      6.60%     99.47% |         353      0.25%     99.72% |         213      0.15%     99.88% |         122      0.09%     99.97% |          45      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       138652                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1233002                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.316056                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.026392                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     5.997198                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1232052     99.92%     99.92% |         871      0.07%     99.99% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1233002                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1223454                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1223454    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1223454                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         9548                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    41.814621                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    28.903930                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    54.698940                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        8598     90.05%     90.05% |         871      9.12%     99.17% |          41      0.43%     99.60% |          20      0.21%     99.81% |          13      0.14%     99.95% |           4      0.04%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         9548                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       210684                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     3.088963                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.215910                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    14.454743                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      209596     99.48%     99.48% |        1001      0.48%     99.96% |          47      0.02%     99.98% |          28      0.01%     99.99% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       210684                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       198040                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      198040    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       198040                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        12644                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    35.807893                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    25.983169                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    48.402510                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       11556     91.40%     91.40% |        1001      7.92%     99.31% |          47      0.37%     99.68% |          28      0.22%     99.91% |           6      0.05%     99.95% |           6      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        12644                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       210684                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      210684    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       210684                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       210684                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      210684    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       210684                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      308217     24.11%     24.11% |      331731     25.95%     50.06% |      307327     24.04%     74.10% |      331127     25.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1278402                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      154562     20.88%     20.88% |      216360     29.22%     50.10% |      153619     20.75%     70.85% |      215859     29.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       740400                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      313945     24.13%     24.13% |      337426     25.93%     50.06% |      312988     24.06%     74.12% |      336775     25.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1301134                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      154562     20.88%     20.88% |      216360     29.22%     50.10% |      153619     20.75%     70.85% |      215859     29.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       740400                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |        5813     25.31%     25.31% |        5751     25.04%     50.34% |        5711     24.86%     75.20% |        5696     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        22971                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      153273     28.57%     28.57% |      114998     21.44%     50.01% |      153326     28.58%     78.58% |      114889     21.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       536486                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      308217     24.11%     24.11% |      331731     25.95%     50.06% |      307327     24.04%     74.10% |      331127     25.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1278402                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |        5728     25.20%     25.20% |        5695     25.05%     50.25% |        5661     24.90%     75.15% |        5648     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        22732                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |        5728     25.20%     25.20% |        5695     25.05%     50.25% |        5661     24.90%     75.15% |        5648     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total        22732                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      154477     20.87%     20.87% |      216304     29.22%     50.09% |      153569     20.75%     70.84% |      215811     29.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       740161                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          85     35.56%     35.56% |          56     23.43%     59.00% |          50     20.92%     79.92% |          48     20.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          239                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      153273     28.57%     28.57% |      114998     21.44%     50.01% |      153326     28.58%     78.58% |      114889     21.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       536486                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      308217     24.11%     24.11% |      331731     25.95%     50.06% |      307327     24.04%     74.10% |      331127     25.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1278402                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      154477     20.87%     20.87% |      216304     29.22%     50.09% |      153569     20.75%     70.84% |      215811     29.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       740161                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          85     35.56%     35.56% |          56     23.43%     59.00% |          50     20.92%     79.92% |          48     20.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total          239                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          85     35.56%     35.56% |          56     23.43%     59.00% |          50     20.92%     79.92% |          48     20.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          239                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       22971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        22971                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       22971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          22971                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       22971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        22971                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       22971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        22971                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |   353710172     99.24%     99.24% |     1342283      0.38%     99.62% |      539523      0.15%     99.77% |      828234      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    356420212                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |  1861771902     99.25%     99.25% |     6650553      0.35%     99.61% |     2531577      0.13%     99.74% |     4842289      0.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1875796321                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    39580383     95.15%     95.15% |      920868      2.21%     97.37% |      393611      0.95%     98.31% |      701027      1.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     41595889                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       10993     13.83%     13.83% |       23917     30.09%     43.92% |       19799     24.91%     68.83% |       24779     31.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        79488                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     2021635     89.28%     89.28% |      120346      5.31%     94.60% |       36733      1.62%     96.22% |       85588      3.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      2264302                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         186     13.04%     13.04% |         458     32.12%     45.16% |         419     29.38%     74.54% |         363     25.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         1426                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        4501     28.30%     28.30% |        4112     25.85%     54.15% |        3090     19.43%     73.58% |        4202     26.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        15905                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |         857     29.31%     29.31% |         525     17.95%     47.26% |        1031     35.26%     82.52% |         511     17.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         2924                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |     1505179     93.44%     93.44% |       63272      3.93%     97.37% |        4313      0.27%     97.64% |       38003      2.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      1610767                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |         939      5.90%      5.90% |        3766     23.68%     29.58% |        4385     27.57%     57.15% |        6815     42.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        15905                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      520474     77.11%     77.11% |       63769      9.45%     86.56% |       39251      5.82%     92.37% |       51469      7.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       674963                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       13174     50.57%     50.57% |        4764     18.29%     68.86% |        3680     14.13%     82.99% |        4432     17.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        26050                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        5211     37.63%     37.63% |        2979     21.51%     59.14% |        2749     19.85%     78.99% |        2910     21.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        13849                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1978229     94.31%     94.31% |       73442      3.50%     97.82% |        3497      0.17%     97.98% |       42330      2.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2097498                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |     1517520     92.35%     92.35% |       69683      4.24%     96.59% |       11214      0.68%     97.27% |       44794      2.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      1643211                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |       30369     25.06%     25.06% |       36253     29.91%     54.97% |       23331     19.25%     74.22% |       31241     25.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       121194                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      473927     94.68%     94.68% |       14410      2.88%     97.56% |        2670      0.53%     98.09% |        9553      1.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       500560                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |        3200     16.22%     16.22% |        6726     34.09%     50.31% |        3100     15.71%     66.02% |        6703     33.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        19729                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         581      3.34%      3.34% |        5420     31.11%     34.45% |        6006     34.48%     68.92% |        5414     31.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        17421                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        4885     27.98%     27.98% |        4058     23.24%     51.23% |        4270     24.46%     75.68% |        4245     24.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        17458                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |         167      3.54%      3.54% |        1508     31.99%     35.53% |        1489     31.59%     67.12% |        1550     32.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total         4714                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1763      8.50%      8.50% |        6420     30.94%     39.44% |        5079     24.48%     63.91% |        7488     36.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        20750                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      329098     43.68%     43.68% |      143022     18.98%     62.66% |      118776     15.76%     78.43% |      162542     21.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       753438                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |  1861736648     99.26%     99.26% |     6610242      0.35%     99.61% |     2503976      0.13%     99.74% |     4806803      0.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total   1875657669                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        4354     39.85%     39.85% |        2454     22.46%     62.31% |        1718     15.72%     78.03% |        2400     21.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        10926                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        6851     14.44%     14.44% |       13186     27.80%     42.24% |       13565     28.60%     70.84% |       13832     29.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        47434                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       41643     28.51%     28.51% |       40484     27.72%     56.23% |       28157     19.28%     75.51% |       35770     24.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       146054                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |   293889620     99.86%     99.86% |      248933      0.08%     99.94% |       53427      0.02%     99.96% |      114709      0.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total    294306689                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |      439967     87.56%     87.56% |       38134      7.59%     95.15% |         979      0.19%     95.34% |       23390      4.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       502470                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         573     13.12%     13.12% |        1366     31.28%     44.40% |        1002     22.94%     67.35% |        1426     32.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         4367                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |     1064351     96.98%     96.98% |       22039      2.01%     98.99% |         890      0.08%     99.07% |       10236      0.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      1097516                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |           9      2.00%      2.00% |         216     47.89%     49.89% |          60     13.30%     63.19% |         166     36.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total          451                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |         307      5.07%      5.07% |        2010     33.18%     38.25% |        1386     22.88%     61.13% |        2355     38.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         6058                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    57973353     97.11%     97.11% |      875225      1.47%     98.57% |      350100      0.59%     99.16% |      500775      0.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     59699453                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    38661968     95.28%     95.28% |      864362      2.13%     97.41% |      386755      0.95%     98.36% |      664134      1.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     40577219                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         369      4.64%      4.64% |        2639     33.17%     37.80% |        2132     26.79%     64.60% |        2817     35.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total         7957                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      913878     91.39%     91.39% |       51403      5.14%     96.53% |        2607      0.26%     96.79% |       32094      3.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       999982                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         177     18.15%     18.15% |         242     24.82%     42.97% |         359     36.82%     79.79% |         197     20.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total          975                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        4194     42.59%     42.59% |        2102     21.35%     63.94% |        1704     17.30%     81.24% |        1847     18.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         9847                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |     1505179     93.44%     93.44% |       63272      3.93%     97.37% |        4313      0.27%     97.64% |       38003      2.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      1610767                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |         939      5.90%      5.90% |        3766     23.68%     29.58% |        4385     27.57%     57.15% |        6815     42.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        15905                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       47237     27.37%     27.37% |       48376     28.03%     55.39% |       36123     20.93%     76.32% |       40876     23.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       172612                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |         857     29.31%     29.31% |         525     17.95%     47.26% |        1031     35.26%     82.52% |         511     17.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         2924                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      473237     94.20%     94.20% |       15393      3.06%     97.27% |        3128      0.62%     97.89% |       10593      2.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       502351                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |       13174     50.57%     50.57% |        4764     18.29%     68.86% |        3680     14.13%     82.99% |        4432     17.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        26050                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        5211     37.63%     37.63% |        2979     21.51%     59.14% |        2749     19.85%     78.99% |        2910     21.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total        13849                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1978229     94.31%     94.31% |       73442      3.50%     97.82% |        3497      0.17%     97.98% |       42330      2.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2097498                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR       138652      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        1660646      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         505277      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE        10926      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        2097498      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement       733629      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean       543018      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       1278402      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        1276886      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          17804      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean         6058      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              21237      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all          21320      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          15905      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      2126967      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv            478      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR        14984      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS       796306      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX       467112      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR       123660      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS        33960      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         2924      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE        10925      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          601      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean        16352      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR            8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS       814461      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX        33813      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       731372      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean       516081      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv          156      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        15905      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         1426      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      2097498      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         1656      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        10585      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv           83      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      1276886      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv          156      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data         1425      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all          314      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv           83      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data         6532      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all         4053      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          20443      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all        16352      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            794      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          601      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data       796306      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data        14984      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data       467112      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS            8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        13849      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      2113118      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         9846      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean         6053      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        15899      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.505069                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2505068869500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               55330859501501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 139198                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   252486                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              250819829                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2105052                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  9987.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1390240683                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2521714700                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     22605952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          22605952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     11476608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       11476608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       353218                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             353218                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       179322                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            179322                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      9024084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              9024084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4581354                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             4581354                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     13605438                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            13605438                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     353218                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    179322                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   353218                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  179322                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              22556416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  49536                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               11473792                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               22605952                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            11476608                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   774                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   32                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            24092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            20537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            18496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            21236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            19900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            18656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            22471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            23717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            19843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            22577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           24059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           21403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           23879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           26871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           22281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           22426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            12650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            10879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            10140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            10882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            10068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             9471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            11340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            12195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            10347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            11717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           12174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           10198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           11627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           13031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           11084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           11475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 2505061757000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               353218                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              179322                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 351896                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   447                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 11118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 11151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 11151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 11156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 11152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 11158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 11152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 11152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 11155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 11153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 11152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 11151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 11151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 11149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 11149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 11149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       233527                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   145.724717                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   105.586802                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   157.764604                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       135008     57.81%     57.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        63203     27.06%     84.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14105      6.04%     90.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7231      3.10%     94.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5286      2.26%     96.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4592      1.97%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3013      1.29%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          719      0.31%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          370      0.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       233527                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11149                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     31.610727                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    26.551379                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    41.585384                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11000     98.66%     98.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          125      1.12%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           20      0.18%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        11149                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11149                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.080187                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.075692                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.394653                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           10704     96.01%     96.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      0.01%     96.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18             441      3.96%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19               2      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        11149                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  4529403480                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            11137728480                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1762220000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    12851.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               31601.41                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        9.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        4.58                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     9.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     4.58                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  218048                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  80152                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                61.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               44.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   4703987.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   56.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy               867290760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy               473224125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             1357332600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy             573505920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        164360997840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        225440380800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1312103646750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1705176378795                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           677.617086                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2175016064502                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  83649540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 246396657998                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy               928912320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy               506847000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             1467960000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy             598920480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        164360997840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        243111520800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1296602646750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1707577805190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           678.571385                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2149762823500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  83649540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 271649653500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     25224128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          25224128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     15430336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       15430336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       394127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             394127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       241099                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            241099                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     10069235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             10069235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      6159645                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             6159645                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     16228881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            16228881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     394127                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    241099                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   394127                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  241099                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              25198144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  25984                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               15429888                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               25224128                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            15430336                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   406                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            26269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            23219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            21436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            23496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            22491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            22047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            24808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            26435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            23207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            25046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           25983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           24362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           26331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           28432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           24848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           25311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            16339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            14623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            13958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            14766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            13955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            13634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            15202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            16078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            14322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            15664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           15976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           14213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           15516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           16617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           14837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           15392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 2505067518500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               394127                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              241099                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 393130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    584                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 14972                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 15019                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 15019                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 15014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 15013                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 15018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 15015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 15014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 15016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 15015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 15019                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 15017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 15015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 15012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 15012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 15012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       256677                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   158.284412                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.103527                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   165.346315                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       149686     58.32%     58.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        56050     21.84%     80.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        19260      7.50%     87.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        11388      4.44%     92.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        12876      5.02%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4558      1.78%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2024      0.79%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          487      0.19%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          348      0.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       256677                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        15012                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     26.227018                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    22.160496                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    56.185325                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        14868     99.04%     99.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          123      0.82%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            9      0.06%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            2      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            3      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        15012                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        15012                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.059952                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.056536                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.344552                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           14564     97.02%     97.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17               2      0.01%     97.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18             444      2.96%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19               1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        15012                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  4998095490                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            12380364240                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1968605000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    12694.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               31444.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       10.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        6.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    10.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     6.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  264134                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 114001                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                67.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               47.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   3943584.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   59.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy               951569640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy               519209625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             1521889200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy             773724960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        164360997840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        205396356735                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1329686124000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1703209872000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           676.835620                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2204493691250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  83649540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 216918735250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              1019314800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy               556173750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             1625169000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy             799061760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        164360997840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        218040845715                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1318594467000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1704996029865                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           677.545418                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2186597799001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  83649540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 234820795749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     22523904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          22523904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     11398784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       11398784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       351936                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             351936                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       178106                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            178106                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      8991331                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              8991331                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4550288                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total             4550288                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     13541619                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            13541619                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     351936                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    178106                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   351936                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  178106                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              22493696                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  30208                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               11398784                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               22523904                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            11398784                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   472                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            24268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            20253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            18074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            21142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            19679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            18896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            22791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            23561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            19587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            22528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           24236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           21618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           23823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           26554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           21942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           22512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            12652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            10270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             9646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            10920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            10009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             9576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            11348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            12181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            10257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            11694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           12256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           10211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           11572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           12931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           11019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           11564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 2505070450500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               351936                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              178106                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 350945                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    518                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                   372                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                   372                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 11044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 11092                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 11088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 11087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 11090                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 11088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 11087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 11087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 11086                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 11088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 11088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 11088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 11090                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 11087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 11085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 11085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       230266                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   147.186714                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   106.557020                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   158.723187                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       131398     57.06%     57.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        63265     27.47%     84.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14313      6.22%     90.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7451      3.24%     93.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5187      2.25%     96.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4452      1.93%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3062      1.33%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          753      0.33%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          385      0.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       230266                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11085                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     31.706540                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    26.598133                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    44.386707                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        10927     98.57%     98.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          132      1.19%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           20      0.18%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::3456-3583            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        11085                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11085                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.067298                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.063524                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.361414                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16           10713     96.64%     96.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18             370      3.34%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19               2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        11085                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  4457094487                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            11047044487                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1757320000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    12681.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               31431.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        8.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        4.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     8.99                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     4.55                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  218122                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  81176                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                62.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               45.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   4726173.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   56.52                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy               851739840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy               464739000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             1353838200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy             566637120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        164360997840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        223998377130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        1313368562250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1704964891380                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           677.533044                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2177227243750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  83649540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 244185870500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy               919590840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy               501760875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             1463833800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy             598052160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        164360997840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        241763980950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        1297784699250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1707392915715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           678.497912                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2151794317000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  83649540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 269618797250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     25173568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          25173568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     15390976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       15390976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       393337                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             393337                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       240484                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            240484                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     10049052                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             10049052                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3      6143933                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total             6143933                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     16192986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            16192986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     393337                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    240484                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   393337                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  240484                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              25152960                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  20608                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               15391232                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               25173568                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            15390976                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   322                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            26245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            22518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            21310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            23667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            22360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            21996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            24947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            26085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            23171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            25222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           25929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           24212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           26490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           28470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           25000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           25393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            16200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            14250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            13747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            14824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            14010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            13535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            15229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            15954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            14333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            15780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           15925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           14182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           15547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           16616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           14949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           15407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 2505064984000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               393337                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              240484                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 392430                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    579                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                   408                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                   414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 14940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 14981                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 14982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 14982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 14983                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 14981                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 14983                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 14980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 14983                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 14981                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 14982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 14984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 14981                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 14981                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 14979                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 14979                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       256133                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   158.293512                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.078596                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   165.270150                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       149599     58.41%     58.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        55634     21.72%     80.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        19254      7.52%     87.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        11438      4.47%     92.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        12869      5.02%     97.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4563      1.78%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1951      0.76%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          466      0.18%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          359      0.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       256133                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        14979                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     26.238334                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    22.167373                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    62.004393                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        14954     99.83%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           16      0.11%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            2      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            4      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        14979                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        14979                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.055010                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.051915                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.327315                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16           14567     97.25%     97.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      0.01%     97.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18             410      2.74%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        14979                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  4965027484                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            12334058734                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1965075000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    12633.18                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               31383.18                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       10.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        6.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    10.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     6.14                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  263957                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 113412                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                67.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               47.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   3952322.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   59.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy               944742960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy               515484750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             1513122000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy             768288240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        164360997840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        204228041985                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        1330710961500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1703041639275                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           676.768766                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2206209894251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  83649540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 215204690499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              1021287960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy               557250375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             1628226600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy             800234640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        164360997840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        217407318075                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        1319150193000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1704925508490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           677.517393                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2187434681500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  83649540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 233978204750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      5009237042                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1300127633                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   2353729463                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           1511710415                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses            1130316630                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     894322                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    161269465                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  1511710415                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                   1130316630                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         2949978709                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        1037770844                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads          1382526840                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes         1075423327                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           941679184                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          529842298                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    389425709                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  350570168                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  38855541                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              307272569.174625                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              4701964472.825375                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.938659                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.061341                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        166818776                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              3919614      0.17%      0.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               1232670826     52.37%     52.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                 4269042      0.18%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                     4387      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd              723456476     30.74%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               350570168     14.89%     98.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               38855541      1.65%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                2353746102                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      5008857708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   78094793                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    143909627                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            142679166                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses               1337123                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    4276189                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     10359097                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   142679166                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                      1337123                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          295830023                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         113735096                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads              365404                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes            1003550                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            71642831                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           43342434                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     35412950                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   23431432                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  11981518                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              4703786611.001505                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              305071096.998495                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.060906                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.939094                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         16821225                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               127980      0.09%      0.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                107610584     74.78%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   56861      0.04%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    27839      0.02%     74.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                 674145      0.47%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                23431432     16.28%     91.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               11981518      8.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 143910391                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      5011809190                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    3064922                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      6279202                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              6155659                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3147                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     158924                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       487690                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     6155659                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                         3147                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           12417016                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           5033433                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                5124                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes               2476                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             3661778                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1975525                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1462157                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     900923                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    561234                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              4997358654.730062                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              14450535.269938                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.002883                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.997117                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           699086                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                88439      1.41%      1.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  4688501     74.66%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    9231      0.15%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    28729      0.46%     76.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                   2372      0.04%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  900923     14.35%     91.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 561234      8.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   6279429                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      5009198032                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    4202945                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      8571569                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              8338031                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  7824                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     194207                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       665480                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     8338031                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         7824                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           16390599                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           6846413                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               12908                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               6233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             5050359                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            3097584                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1810176                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    1118635                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    691541                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              4987709695.152422                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              21488336.847578                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.004290                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.995710                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           930895                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                86489      1.01%      1.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  6633074     77.38%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    9424      0.11%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    26659      0.31%     78.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   5956      0.07%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 1118635     13.05%     91.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 691541      8.07%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   8571778                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1534                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1534                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3772                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3772                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               112                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              112                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           64                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          416                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           68                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1382                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           68                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1326                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           74                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   10836                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          286                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2708                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3370                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          326                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2764                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3510                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          260                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          550                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2652                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3606                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          220                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          506                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3606                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    14412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1671500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy               235481                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             1930000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1850444                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1726949                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1674486                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1688486                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              126458                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1778000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1900500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             2314500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             2234500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages          356                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      1458176                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs          356                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            2                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes         8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            2                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               29633242                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.602583                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 2.110432                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    27412205     92.50%     92.50% |        6117      0.02%     92.53% |     2212636      7.47%     99.99% |         485      0.00%     99.99% |        1705      0.01%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |          63      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 29633242                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   4683702093                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.001906                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001322                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.043613                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  4674776262     99.81%     99.81% |     8925831      0.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   4683702093                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     4683702093                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.090657                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.004305                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         3.866919                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  4683558840    100.00%    100.00% |      111393      0.00%    100.00% |       30822      0.00%    100.00% |         721      0.00%    100.00% |         310      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       4683702093                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   4678647372                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  4678647372    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   4678647372                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5054721                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    85.002902                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    53.538169                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    82.502283                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     4911468     97.17%     97.17% |      111393      2.20%     99.37% |       30822      0.61%     99.98% |         721      0.01%     99.99% |         310      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      5054721                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits    392385666                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses      2032806                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    394418472                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits   1865310210                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        62751                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1865372961                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           598                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits     35122213                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses       344840                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     35467053                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits    101654289                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        93333                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses    101747622                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1419041                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        46645                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1465686                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      3982043                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        41935                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4023978                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1738800                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        75254                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1814054                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      5538172                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        41673                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5579845                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      1244866                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      1494371                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      2739237                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            68                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.172490                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::0      2095557                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21631                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2101589                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2045064                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2018505                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       932315                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          662                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1076183                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::0     16764456                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       173048                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    151314408                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     16360512                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     16148040                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     67126680                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        47664                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      8609464                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.035266                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::0       438173                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::2        39873                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::1       447592                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::1       355954                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::2       332062                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       191486                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2789                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       124722                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::0      3505384                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       318984                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     32226624                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2847632                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2656496                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     13786992                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       200808                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       997776                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.006052                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::0        88580                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2        30130                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::1        95586                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::1        51035                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2        36316                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        12749                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2664                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         7731                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::0       708640                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       241040                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6882192                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       408280                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       290528                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       917928                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       191808                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        61848                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.009029                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::0       116927                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::2        36874                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::1       125441                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::1        85998                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2        68890                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        36387                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3410                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        13661                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::0       935416                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       294992                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9031752                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       687984                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       551120                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2619864                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       245520                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       109288                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.341567                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0      4209123                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2        84080                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5030016                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4568369                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2455773                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1172937                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         9525                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1222297                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0     33672984                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       672640                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    362161152                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     36546952                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     19646184                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     84451464                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       685800                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      9778376                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.028251                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0       347490                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1       532595                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1       515013                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5847                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0      2779920                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     38346840                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4120104                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46776                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.033166                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0       388432                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1       635250                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1       535107                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5783                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0      3107456                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     45738000                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4280856                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46264                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.028125                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0       346275                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1       530060                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1       513762                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5743                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0      2770200                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     38164320                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4110096                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45944                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.033094                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0       387689                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1       633837                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1       534216                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5728                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0      3101512                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     45636264                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4273728                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45824                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.001148                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22973                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23101                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1654056                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       184808                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.062583                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0      4209123                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2       128508                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5077474                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4602259                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2455773                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1172937                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         9525                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1245398                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0     33672984                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1028064                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    365578128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     36818072                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     19646184                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     84451464                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       685800                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      9963184                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        12627369                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       341096                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     15232413                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     21174096                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      3547386                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      3736578                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        101018952                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      2728768                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   1096733736                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    169392768                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    255411792                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     29892624                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.208189                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21631                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2089908                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2030319                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       173048                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    150473376                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     16242552                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.136792                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      2095557                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11681                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        14745                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2018505                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       932315                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          662                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1076183                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     16764456                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       841032                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       117960                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     16148040                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     67126680                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        47664                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      8609464                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.042713                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        39873                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       434912                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       325880                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       318984                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     31313664                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2607040                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.027820                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       438173                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        12680                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        30074                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       332062                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       191486                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2789                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       124722                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3505384                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       912960                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       240592                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2656496                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     13786992                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       200808                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       997776                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.008316                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        30130                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        86050                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        28731                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       241040                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6195600                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       229848                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003787                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        88580                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9536                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        22304                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        36316                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        12749                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2664                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         7731                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       708640                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       686592                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       178432                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       290528                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       917928                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       191808                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        61848                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.011187                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        36874                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       113947                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        58614                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       294992                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8204184                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       468912                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.006871                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       116927                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11494                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        27384                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        68890                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        36387                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3410                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        13661                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       935416                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       827568                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       219072                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       551120                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2619864                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       245520                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       109288                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.319411                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      2739237                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1490801                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1529228                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2455773                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1172937                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         9525                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1222297                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     21913896                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    107337672                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12233824                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     19646184                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     84451464                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       685800                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      9778376                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.363723                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1469886                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        84080                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3539215                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3039141                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     11759088                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       672640                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    254823480                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     24313128                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021304                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       347490                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       179290                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       167818                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5847                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2779920                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12908880                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1342544                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46776                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.035198                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       353305                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       347195                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     25437960                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2777560                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.027053                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       388432                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       241067                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       146992                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5783                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      3107456                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17356824                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1175936                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46264                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.039278                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       394183                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       388115                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28381176                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3104920                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021182                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       346275                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       178074                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       167819                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5743                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      2770200                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12821328                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1342552                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45944                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.035067                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       351986                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       345943                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     25342992                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2767544                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.026989                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       387689                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       240452                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       146858                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5728                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      3101512                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17312544                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1174864                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45824                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.039199                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       393385                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       387358                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28323720                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3098864                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002065                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22973                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1654056                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000231                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23101                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       184808                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.208189                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21631                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2089908                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2030319                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       173048                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    150473376                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     16242552                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.042713                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        39873                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       434912                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       325880                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       318984                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     31313664                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2607040                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.link_utilization     0.008316                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        30130                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::1        86050                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::1        28731                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       241040                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6195600                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       229848                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.link_utilization     0.011187                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        36874                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::1       113947                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::1        58614                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       294992                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8204184                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       468912                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.link_utilization     0.319411                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0      2739237                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1490801                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1529228                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2      2455773                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1172937                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         9525                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      1222297                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0     21913896                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    107337672                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12233824                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     19646184                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     84451464                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       685800                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      9778376                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.link_utilization     0.021304                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Control::0       347490                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1       179290                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1       167818                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5847                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::0      2779920                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12908880                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1342544                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46776                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.link_utilization     0.027053                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Control::0       388432                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1       241067                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1       146992                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5783                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::0      3107456                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17356824                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1175936                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        46264                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.link_utilization     0.021182                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Control::0       346275                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1       178074                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1       167819                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5743                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Control::0      2770200                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12821328                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1342552                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45944                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.link_utilization     0.026989                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0       387689                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1       240452                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1       146858                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5728                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0      3101512                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17312544                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1174864                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        45824                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.link_utilization     0.002065                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22973                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1654056                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle10.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      14146098                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.232909                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        2.892908                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    11969474     84.61%     84.61% |        1843      0.01%     84.63% |     2172584     15.36%     99.98% |         438      0.00%     99.99% |        1666      0.01%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |          62      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        14146098                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      15261817                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.027233                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.431549                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    15217404     99.71%     99.71% |        4274      0.03%     99.74% |       40052      0.26%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        15261817                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        225327                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000062                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.011147                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      225320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          225327                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    735140920                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.371982                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.018902                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      7.692585                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   735057569     99.99%     99.99% |       63607      0.01%    100.00% |       19172      0.00%    100.00% |         400      0.00%    100.00% |         165      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     735140920                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    731583451                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   731583451    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    731583451                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3557469                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    77.868978                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    47.926949                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    79.676091                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     3474118     97.66%     97.66% |       63607      1.79%     99.44% |       19172      0.54%     99.98% |         400      0.01%    100.00% |         165      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3557469                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     91688797                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.497811                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.056128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     16.440987                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    91462201     99.75%     99.75% |      169398      0.18%     99.94% |       26684      0.03%     99.97% |       18952      0.02%     99.99% |        7798      0.01%    100.00% |        3311      0.00%    100.00% |          58      0.00%    100.00% |         250      0.00%    100.00% |         125      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      91688797                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     90625543                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    90625543    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     90625543                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1063254                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   130.162487                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   110.962843                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    82.584070                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      836658     78.69%     78.69% |      169398     15.93%     94.62% |       26684      2.51%     97.13% |       18952      1.78%     98.91% |        7798      0.73%     99.65% |        3311      0.31%     99.96% |          58      0.01%     99.96% |         250      0.02%     99.99% |         125      0.01%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1063254                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   3852520727                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.002992                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000301                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.560616                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  3852493913    100.00%    100.00% |       24637      0.00%    100.00% |        1091      0.00%    100.00% |         630      0.00%    100.00% |         323      0.00%    100.00% |         124      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   3852520727                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3852142383                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3852142383    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3852142383                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       378344                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    31.466898                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    21.424542                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    47.667146                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      351530     92.91%     92.91% |       24637      6.51%     99.42% |        1091      0.29%     99.71% |         630      0.17%     99.88% |         323      0.09%     99.96% |         124      0.03%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       378344                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      3148281                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.276796                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.023113                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     5.633803                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     3146130     99.93%     99.93% |        1973      0.06%     99.99% |          89      0.00%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      3148281                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3126858                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3126858    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      3126858                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        21423                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    41.677449                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    28.732232                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    54.965007                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       19272     89.96%     89.96% |        1973      9.21%     99.17% |          89      0.42%     99.58% |          46      0.21%     99.80% |          31      0.14%     99.94% |          10      0.05%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        21423                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       601684                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     3.362200                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.210752                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    16.597469                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      598638     99.49%     99.49% |        2697      0.45%     99.94% |         171      0.03%     99.97% |         123      0.02%     99.99% |          35      0.01%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       601684                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       567453                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      567453    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       567453                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        34231                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    42.520785                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    28.832039                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    56.712240                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       31185     91.10%     91.10% |        2697      7.88%     98.98% |         171      0.50%     99.48% |         123      0.36%     99.84% |          35      0.10%     99.94% |          18      0.05%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        34231                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       601684                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      601684    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       601684                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       601684                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      601684    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       601684                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      347490     23.64%     23.64% |      388432     26.43%     50.07% |      346275     23.56%     73.62% |      387689     26.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1469886                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      179290     21.37%     21.37% |      241067     28.74%     50.11% |      178074     21.23%     71.34% |      240452     28.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       838883                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      353218     23.66%     23.66% |      394127     26.41%     50.07% |      351936     23.58%     73.65% |      393337     26.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1492618                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      179322     21.37%     21.37% |      241099     28.74%     50.11% |      178106     21.23%     71.34% |      240484     28.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       839011                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |        5815     25.31%     25.31% |        5751     25.03%     50.35% |        5711     24.86%     75.21% |        5696     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        22973                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      167818     26.66%     26.66% |      146992     23.35%     50.01% |      167819     26.66%     76.67% |      146858     23.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       629487                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      347490     23.64%     23.64% |      388432     26.43%     50.07% |      346275     23.56%     73.62% |      387689     26.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1469886                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |        5728     25.20%     25.20% |        5695     25.05%     50.25% |        5661     24.90%     75.15% |        5648     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        22732                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |        5728     25.20%     25.20% |        5695     25.05%     50.25% |        5661     24.90%     75.15% |        5648     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total        22732                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      179203     21.37%     21.37% |      241011     28.74%     50.11% |      178024     21.23%     71.33% |      240404     28.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       838642                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          87     36.10%     36.10% |          56     23.24%     59.34% |          50     20.75%     80.08% |          48     19.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          241                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      167818     26.66%     26.66% |      146992     23.35%     50.01% |      167819     26.66%     76.67% |      146858     23.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       629487                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      347490     23.64%     23.64% |      388432     26.43%     50.07% |      346275     23.56%     73.62% |      387689     26.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1469886                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      179203     21.37%     21.37% |      241011     28.74%     50.11% |      178024     21.23%     71.33% |      240404     28.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       838642                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          87     36.10%     36.10% |          56     23.24%     59.34% |          50     20.75%     80.08% |          48     19.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total          241                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          87     36.10%     36.10% |          56     23.24%     59.34% |          50     20.75%     80.08% |          48     19.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          241                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       22973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        22973                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       22973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          22973                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total             128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       22973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        22973                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       22973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        22973                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |   354334769     93.56%     93.56% |    22547859      5.95%     99.51% |      845852      0.22%     99.74% |      992228      0.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    378720708                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |  1865372963     94.37%     94.37% |   101747622      5.15%     99.51% |     4023978      0.20%     99.72% |     5579845      0.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1976724408                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    40083703     73.62%     73.62% |    12919194     23.73%     97.35% |      619834      1.14%     98.49% |      821826      1.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     54444557                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       15407     14.81%     14.81% |       32863     31.59%     46.40% |       24968     24.00%     70.40% |       30794     29.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       104032                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     2083090     77.73%     77.73% |      423002     15.78%     93.51% |       72142      2.69%     96.21% |      101671      3.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      2679905                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         767     21.54%     21.54% |        1340     37.63%     59.17% |         788     22.13%     81.30% |         666     18.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         3561                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        5457     26.09%     26.09% |        5670     27.11%     53.20% |        4374     20.91%     74.11% |        5414     25.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        20915                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        1036     29.96%     29.96% |         753     21.78%     51.74% |        1137     32.88%     84.62% |         532     15.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         3458                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |     1525956     83.29%     83.29% |      247748     13.52%     96.81% |       15375      0.84%     97.65% |       43071      2.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      1832150                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        2242     10.72%     10.72% |        5100     24.38%     35.10% |        5908     28.25%     63.35% |        7665     36.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        20915                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      560674     64.57%     64.57% |      181311     20.88%     85.45% |       63630      7.33%     92.78% |       62679      7.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       868294                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       15136     49.74%     49.74% |        5658     18.59%     68.33% |        4584     15.06%     83.39% |        5054     16.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        30432                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        6685     37.39%     37.39% |        4014     22.45%     59.84% |        3667     20.51%     80.36% |        3512     19.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        17878                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     2008498     83.85%     83.85% |      316208     13.20%     97.06% |       20480      0.86%     97.91% |       50048      2.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2395234                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |     1541583     82.10%     82.10% |      259986     13.85%     95.95% |       24849      1.32%     97.27% |       51173      2.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      1877591                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |       57379     26.05%     26.05% |       88666     40.26%     66.31% |       37120     16.85%     83.16% |       37083     16.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       220248                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      484312     83.11%     83.11% |       74350     12.76%     95.87% |       10673      1.83%     97.70% |       13415      2.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       582750                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |        5760     17.07%     17.07% |       13272     39.33%     56.40% |        5010     14.85%     71.25% |        9703     28.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        33745                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         916      4.76%      4.76% |        5640     29.30%     34.06% |        6763     35.14%     69.20% |        5927     30.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        19246                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        5372     27.63%     27.63% |        4667     24.00%     51.63% |        4815     24.76%     76.39% |        4590     23.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        19444                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |         346      6.25%      6.25% |        1603     28.95%     35.20% |        1830     33.05%     68.25% |        1758     31.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total         5537                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        3557     12.21%     12.21% |        8680     29.79%     42.00% |        7622     26.16%     68.16% |        9276     31.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        29135                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      385878     40.75%     40.75% |      221611     23.40%     64.16% |      155416     16.41%     80.57% |      183999     19.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       946904                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |  1865310210     94.38%     94.38% |   101654289      5.14%     99.52% |     3982043      0.20%     99.72% |     5538172      0.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total   1976484714                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        5649     39.17%     39.17% |        3261     22.61%     61.78% |        2530     17.54%     79.33% |        2981     20.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        14421                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        8193     14.83%     14.83% |       15374     27.83%     42.66% |       15964     28.90%     71.56% |       15708     28.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        55239                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       71035     27.80%     27.80% |       98114     38.40%     66.19% |       44040     17.23%     83.43% |       42347     16.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       255536                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |   294067726     97.59%     97.59% |     6977818      2.32%     99.90% |      131035      0.04%     99.95% |      158945      0.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total    301335524                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |      447974     75.35%     75.35% |      118448     19.92%     95.28% |        3844      0.65%     95.92% |       24237      4.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       594503                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         792     14.34%     14.34% |        1428     25.86%     40.20% |        1330     24.09%     64.29% |        1972     35.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         5522                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |     1076183     88.05%     88.05% |      124722     10.20%     98.25% |        7731      0.63%     98.88% |       13661      1.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      1222297                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |         439     28.94%     28.94% |         777     51.22%     80.16% |         115      7.58%     87.74% |         186     12.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total         1517                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |         613      7.50%      7.50% |        2708     33.14%     40.64% |        1886     23.08%     63.73% |        2964     36.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         8171                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    58338666     78.26%     78.26% |    15082804     20.23%     98.50% |      527789      0.71%     99.21% |      592184      0.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     74541443                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    39145422     73.52%     73.52% |    12721532     23.89%     97.41% |      600957      1.13%     98.54% |      779435      1.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     53247346                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         662      6.95%      6.95% |        2789     29.28%     36.23% |        2664     27.97%     64.20% |        3410     35.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total         9525                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      932315     79.49%     79.49% |      191486     16.33%     95.81% |       12749      1.09%     96.90% |       36387      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1172937                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         328     16.05%     16.05% |         563     27.54%     43.59% |         673     32.93%     76.52% |         480     23.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         2044                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        4844     38.01%     38.01% |        2962     23.24%     61.25% |        2488     19.52%     80.78% |        2450     19.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total        12744                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |     1525956     83.29%     83.29% |      247748     13.52%     96.81% |       15375      0.84%     97.65% |       43071      2.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      1832150                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        2242     10.72%     10.72% |        5100     24.38%     35.10% |        5908     28.25%     63.35% |        7665     36.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        20915                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       77052     27.18%     27.18% |      106111     37.43%     64.62% |       52264     18.44%     83.05% |       48037     16.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       283464                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        1036     29.96%     29.96% |         753     21.78%     51.74% |        1137     32.88%     84.62% |         532     15.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         3458                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      483622     82.69%     82.69% |       75200     12.86%     95.55% |       11366      1.94%     97.50% |       14642      2.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       584830                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |       15136     49.74%     49.74% |        5658     18.59%     68.33% |        4584     15.06%     83.39% |        5054     16.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        30432                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        6685     37.39%     37.39% |        4014     22.45%     59.84% |        3667     20.51%     80.36% |        3512     19.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total        17878                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     2008498     83.85%     83.85% |      316208     13.20%     97.06% |       20480      0.86%     97.91% |       50048      2.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2395234                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR       239692      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        1896889      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         588293      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE        14421      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        2395234      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement       831050      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean       637079      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       1469886      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        1468370      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          22269      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean         8171      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              28416      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all          32201      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          20915      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      2434858      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv            482      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR        26199      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS       935276      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX       508411      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR       213474      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS        43756      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         3458      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE        14420      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          790      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean        25889      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR           18      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS       896882      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX        72858      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       827830      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean       598658      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv          156      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        20915      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         3561      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      2395234      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         2430      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        12532      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv           85      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      1468370      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv          156      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data         1933      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all          582      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv           85      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data         7592      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all         4940      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          27406      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all        25889      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack           1010      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          790      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS            8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data       935268      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GET_INSTR            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data        26207      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data       508411      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           33      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        17878      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS           13      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      2416980      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data        12735      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean         8158      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           22      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean           13      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        20893      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
