
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.919226                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3919225805500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               56116663324001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 152436                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   213707                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              265463035                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1827464                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14763.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2250531714                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3155110909                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     47343552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          47343552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     25795392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       25795392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       739743                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             739743                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       403053                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            403053                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12079822                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             12079822                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      6581757                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             6581757                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     18661580                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            18661580                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     739743                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    403053                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   739743                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  403053                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              47268544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  75008                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               25795776                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               47343552                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            25795392                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                  1172                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            50350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            46442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            52629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            55092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            57538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            48363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            43640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            44658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            41560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            41217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           41761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           41864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           39926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           39621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           48101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           45809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            27948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            25295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            27947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            29316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            29377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            25604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            24103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            24408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            23642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            22737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           23135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           23592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           22358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           22131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           26525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           24941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 3919225900000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               739743                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              403053                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 737351                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   1219                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 24937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 25075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 25105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 25114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 25106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 25095                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 25095                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 25090                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 25087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 25086                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 25099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 25092                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 25086                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 25087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 25082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 25081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       710228                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   102.874367                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.028525                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   118.205514                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       550904     77.57%     77.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       111461     15.69%     93.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        23675      3.33%     96.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9577      1.35%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3994      0.56%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3139      0.44%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1921      0.27%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1617      0.23%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3940      0.55%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       710228                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        25080                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.751834                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    27.747959                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    50.657551                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        25069     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            8      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7424-7679            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        25080                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        25080                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.070933                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.066792                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.380598                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           24204     96.51%     96.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              20      0.08%     96.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18             825      3.29%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              23      0.09%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               6      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::26               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        25080                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 13228105474                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            27076311724                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                3692855000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    17910.40                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               36660.40                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       12.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        6.58                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    12.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     6.58                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  302297                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 129105                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                40.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               32.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   3429506.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   37.79                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              2909375280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              1587456750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             3141005400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            1386707040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        256214053680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        391503817710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        2010217419750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2666959835610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           679.872310                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3340455662001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 130871520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 447897272999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              2479521240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              1352913375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             2679198600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            1225115280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        256214053680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        376572923640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        2023314695250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2663838421065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           679.076586                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3362458779500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 130871520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 425894210500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     47025920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          47025920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     25649344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       25649344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       734780                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             734780                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       400771                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            400771                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     11998778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             11998778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      6544493                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             6544493                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     18543270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            18543270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     734780                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    400771                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   734780                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  400771                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              46961088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  64832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               25649664                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               47025920                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            25649344                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                  1013                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            50316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            46382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            51468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            53749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            56207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            48308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            43647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            43996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            41735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            41513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           40912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           41305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           40642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           39795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           47751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           46041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            27825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            25127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            27046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            29475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            28482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            25701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            24231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            24246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            23462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            22696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           22944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           23501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           22580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           22166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           26363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           24931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 3919225595000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               734780                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              400771                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 732715                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1052                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   765                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 24811                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 24943                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 24975                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 24978                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 24973                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 24970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 24976                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 24967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 24962                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 24960                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 24960                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 24961                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 24964                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 24954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 24953                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 24952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       705498                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   102.921363                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.021008                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   118.458627                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       547461     77.60%     77.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       110546     15.67%     93.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        23294      3.30%     96.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9591      1.36%     97.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3965      0.56%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3197      0.45%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1913      0.27%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1566      0.22%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3965      0.56%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       705498                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        24951                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.713639                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    27.687184                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    51.729004                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        24934     99.93%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           13      0.05%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        24951                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        24951                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.062523                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.058863                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.358155                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           24181     96.91%     96.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              17      0.07%     96.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18             729      2.92%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              19      0.08%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               3      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::27               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        24951                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 13140286482                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            26898417732                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                3668835000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    17907.98                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               36657.98                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       11.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        6.54                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    12.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     6.54                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  299804                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 129241                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                40.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               32.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   3451386.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   37.82                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              2873669400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              1567974375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             3104563800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            1374621840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        256214053680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        389888273835                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        2011634563500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2666657720430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           679.795293                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3342793664001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 130871520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 445561851999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              2479165920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              1352719500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             2678262600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            1222406640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        256214053680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        377239580820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        2022729908250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2663916097410                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           679.096388                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3361486468001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 130871520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 426866521999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      7836418518                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    4126349                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      8690105                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              8517186                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1814                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     239416                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       619858                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     8517186                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         1814                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           17255927                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           7018503                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                3048                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               1440                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             4933160                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            2712318                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      2020531                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    1253104                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    767427                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              7817132912.492456                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              19285605.507543                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.002461                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.997539                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           930857                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               128057      1.47%      1.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  6483783     74.61%     76.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   14274      0.16%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    42183      0.49%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   1368      0.02%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 1253104     14.42%     91.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 767427      8.83%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   8690196                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      7841736567                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    2782342                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      5976336                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              5847246                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                   154                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     165827                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       416536                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     5847246                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                          154                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           11896429                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           4845336                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                 258                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                126                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             3312636                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            1761374                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1437463                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                     893731                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    543732                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              7828359109.095237                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              13377457.904763                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.001706                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.998294                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           635896                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               107605      1.80%      1.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  4378414     73.26%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   15063      0.25%     75.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    37695      0.63%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                    120      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                  893731     14.95%     90.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 543732      9.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   5976360                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      7840361558                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                 2239435926                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                   3131837840                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses           1364883534                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses            2127680264                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    4832747                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts    125338178                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                  1364883534                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                   2127680264                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads         2745270822                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         828384208                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads          4601234004                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes         2077617833                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           735867467                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          430119740                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                    408301883                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                  353592636                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  54709247                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              5103802.306976                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              7835257755.693025                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.999349                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.000651                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                        163298980                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              2281659      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu               1676589042     53.53%     53.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   78924      0.00%     53.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    99342      0.00%     53.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd             1044495651     33.35%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead               353592636     11.29%     98.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               54709247      1.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                3131846501                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      7836113085                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    2778903                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      6002021                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              5869057                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     165496                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       421913                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     5869057                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           11931314                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           4874151                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             3381010                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            1772769                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1427664                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     887486                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    540178                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              7823101778.955386                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              13011306.044614                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.001660                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.998340                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           641458                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               113860      1.90%      1.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  4407263     73.43%     75.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   12147      0.20%     75.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    41090      0.68%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  887486     14.79%     91.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 540178      9.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   6002024                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  202                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 202                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                4064                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               4064                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                20                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               20                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2054                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1980                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    8572                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3972                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4042                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3994                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           98                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4142                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          122                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4130                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    16352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                82000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                56994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              281500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             2417496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             2403999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             2735019                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             2396500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               15998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1538500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1506000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1703000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1714000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           24                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes        98304                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           24                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               23221723                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.415029                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 1.771421                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    22022736     94.84%     94.84% |        1993      0.01%     94.85% |     1196620      5.15%    100.00% |          99      0.00%    100.00% |         261      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 23221723                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   3805898153                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000227                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3805897957    100.00%    100.00% |         196      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   3805898153                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     3805898153                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.069974                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.003991                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         3.359286                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  3805822367    100.00%    100.00% |       54080      0.00%    100.00% |       20829      0.00%    100.00% |         568      0.00%    100.00% |         287      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       3805898153                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3801694482                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3801694482    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3801694482                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      4203671                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    64.352615                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.817442                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    78.789943                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     4127885     98.20%     98.20% |       54080      1.29%     99.48% |       20829      0.50%     99.98% |         568      0.01%     99.99% |         287      0.01%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      4203671                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1969591                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        52346                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      2021937                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      5402463                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        63518                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5465981                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1402992                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        34150                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1437142                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      3662048                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        41824                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3703872                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits    411150293                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses      3851034                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    415001327                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits   3373059989                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        89378                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses   3373149367                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1392314                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        34387                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1426701                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      3654792                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        37034                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3691826                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      2705912                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      1497759                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      4203671                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            14                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.005041                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Control::0       115864                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        40006                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       126522                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        77467                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        41289                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        13938                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3934                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6250                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Control::0       926912                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       320048                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9109584                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       619736                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       330312                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1003536                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       283248                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        50000                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.003136                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Control::0        75974                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        34322                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        82459                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        41344                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        23450                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3733                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3486                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          918                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Control::0       607792                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       274576                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5937048                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       330752                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       187600                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       268776                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       250992                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7344                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.191927                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Control::0      3940412                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        27619                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3943153                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3855357                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::2      3824296                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1152472                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          155                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2666858                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Control::0     31523296                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       220952                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    283907016                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     30842856                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     30594368                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     82977984                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        11160                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     21334864                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.003055                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Control::0        71421                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        35950                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::1        80512                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::1        41374                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::2        21859                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3475                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3350                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1093                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Control::0       571368                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       287600                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5796864                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       330992                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       174872                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       250200                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       241200                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8744                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.278144                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Control::0      5678117                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        85087                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1      6462754                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::1      6033805                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::2      3910894                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1173618                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        10925                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2675119                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Control::0     45424936                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       680696                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    465318288                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     48270440                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     31287152                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     84500496                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       786600                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     21400952                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.038525                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Control::0       739705                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1142032                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1059507                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          810                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Control::0      5917640                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     82226304                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      8476056                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6480                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.038277                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Control::0       734741                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1134784                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1051878                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          808                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Control::0      5877928                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     81704448                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      8415024                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6464                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized     0.000012                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Response_Data::1           82                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1618                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5904                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12944                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12288                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.percent_links_utilized     0.062032                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Control::0      5678117                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::2       137897                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Data::1      6486149                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::1      6080366                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::2      3910894                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1173618                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        10925                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2676737                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Control::0     45424936                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1103176                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    467002728                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     48642928                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     31287152                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     84500496                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       786600                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     21413896                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12288                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        17034351                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       360881                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     19458447                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     29973780                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      3553629                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      8034819                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        136274808                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      2887048                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   1401008184                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    239790240                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    255861288                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     64278552                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006763                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        40006                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       107699                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        50974                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       320048                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7754328                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       407792                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003318                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       115864                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        18823                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        26493                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        41289                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        13938                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3934                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6250                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       926912                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1355256                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       211944                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       330312                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1003536                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       283248                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        50000                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004503                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        34322                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        72905                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        15425                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       274576                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5249160                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       123400                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001768                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        75974                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9554                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        25919                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        23450                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3733                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3486                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          918                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       607792                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       687888                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       207352                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       187600                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       268776                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       250992                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7344                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.250688                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        27619                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3937989                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3830631                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       220952                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    283535208                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     30645048                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.133167                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      3940412                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5164                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        24726                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      3824296                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1152472                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          155                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2666858                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     31523296                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       371808                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       197808                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     30594368                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     82977984                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        11160                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     21334864                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004256                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        35950                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        68493                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        14853                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       287600                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4931496                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       118824                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001853                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        71421                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        12019                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        26521                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        21859                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3475                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3350                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1093                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       571368                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       865368                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       212168                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       174872                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       250200                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       241200                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8744                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.232410                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      4203671                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1496693                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1513937                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      3910894                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1173618                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        10925                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2675119                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     33629368                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    107761896                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12111496                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     31287152                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     84500496                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       786600                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     21400952                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.323877                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1474446                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        85087                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      4966061                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4519868                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     11795568                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       680696                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    357556392                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     36158944                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.029915                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       739705                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       402285                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       328609                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          810                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      5917640                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28964520                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2628872                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6480                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.047136                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       739747                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       730898                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     53261784                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5847184                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.029735                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       734741                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       400003                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       325937                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          808                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      5877928                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28800216                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2607496                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6464                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.046819                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       734781                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       725941                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     52904232                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5807528                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000015                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           82                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5904                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12288                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000010                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1618                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12944                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006763                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        40006                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       107699                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        50974                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       320048                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7754328                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       407792                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004503                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        34322                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        72905                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        15425                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       274576                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5249160                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       123400                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.link_utilization     0.250688                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        27619                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3937989                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3830631                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       220952                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    283535208                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     30645048                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.link_utilization     0.004256                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        35950                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::1        68493                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::1        14853                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       287600                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4931496                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       118824                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.link_utilization     0.232410                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0      4203671                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1496693                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1513937                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2      3910894                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1173618                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        10925                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2675119                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0     33629368                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    107761896                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12111496                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     31287152                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     84500496                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       786600                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     21400952                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.link_utilization     0.029915                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Control::0       739705                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1       402285                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1       328609                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          810                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::0      5917640                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28964520                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2628872                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6480                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.link_utilization     0.029735                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Control::0       734741                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1       400003                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1       325937                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          808                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::0      5877928                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     28800216                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2607496                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6464                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.link_utilization     0.000015                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1           82                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5904                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12288                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      11963302                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         0.785795                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        2.381872                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    10788747     90.18%     90.18% |         609      0.01%     90.19% |     1173590      9.81%    100.00% |          94      0.00%    100.00% |         248      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        11963302                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      11120524                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.021311                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.379839                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    11073530     99.58%     99.58% |       22562      0.20%     99.78% |         525      0.00%     99.79% |         859      0.01%     99.79% |       22987      0.21%    100.00% |          43      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        11120524                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        137897                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000058                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.010772                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      137893    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          137897                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    362742031                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.561352                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.033664                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      9.393968                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   362686210     99.98%     99.98% |       41315      0.01%    100.00% |       14063      0.00%    100.00% |         272      0.00%    100.00% |         166      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     362742031                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    359356754                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   359356754    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    359356754                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3385277                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    61.150451                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.738078                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.626160                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     3329456     98.35%     98.35% |       41315      1.22%     99.57% |       14063      0.42%     99.99% |         272      0.01%     99.99% |         166      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3385277                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     56396913                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.964511                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.042056                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     13.246121                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    56378445     99.97%     99.97% |       11639      0.02%     99.99% |        6413      0.01%    100.00% |         286      0.00%    100.00% |         113      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      56396913                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     55846006                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    55846006    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     55846006                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       550907                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    99.737970                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    67.845265                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    91.148527                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      532439     96.65%     96.65% |       11639      2.11%     98.76% |        6413      1.16%     99.92% |         286      0.05%     99.98% |         113      0.02%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       550907                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   3386011046                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.002014                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000208                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.461752                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  3385996761    100.00%    100.00% |       13032      0.00%    100.00% |         433      0.00%    100.00% |         513      0.00%    100.00% |         227      0.00%    100.00% |          65      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   3386011046                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3385779292                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3385779292    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3385779292                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       231754                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    30.419742                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    20.996703                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    47.431002                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      217469     93.84%     93.84% |       13032      5.62%     99.46% |         433      0.19%     99.65% |         513      0.22%     99.87% |         227      0.10%     99.97% |          65      0.03%     99.99% |           2      0.00%     99.99% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       231754                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       433293                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     3.033490                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.203600                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    14.356441                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      431165     99.51%     99.51% |        1995      0.46%     99.97% |          50      0.01%     99.98% |          52      0.01%     99.99% |          26      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       433293                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       408396                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      408396    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       408396                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        24897                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.389686                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    25.157413                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    49.057079                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       22769     91.45%     91.45% |        1995      8.01%     99.47% |          50      0.20%     99.67% |          52      0.21%     99.88% |          26      0.10%     99.98% |           4      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        24897                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       157435                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     4.766221                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.279215                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    22.431743                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      154908     98.39%     98.39% |        2416      1.53%     99.93% |          33      0.02%     99.95% |          45      0.03%     99.98% |          27      0.02%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       157435                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       146599                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      146599    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       146599                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        10836                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    55.718992                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    35.790646                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    67.253076                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        8309     76.68%     76.68% |        2416     22.30%     98.98% |          33      0.30%     99.28% |          45      0.42%     99.70% |          27      0.25%     99.94% |           4      0.04%     99.98% |           1      0.01%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        10836                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       157435                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      157435    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       157435                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       157435                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      157435    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       157435                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      739705     50.17%     50.17% |      734741     49.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1474446                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      402285     50.14%     50.14% |      400003     49.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       802288                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      739743     50.17%     50.17% |      734780     49.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1474523                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      403053     50.14%     50.14% |      400771     49.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       803824                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          42     51.22%     51.22% |          40     48.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         768     50.00%     50.00% |         768     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         1536                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      328609     50.20%     50.20% |      325937     49.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       654546                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      739705     50.17%     50.17% |      734741     49.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1474446                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          38     49.35%     49.35% |          39     50.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           77                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         768     50.00%     50.00% |         768     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         1536                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          38     49.35%     49.35% |          39     50.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           77                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         768     50.00%     50.00% |         768     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         1536                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      402281     50.14%     50.14% |      400002     49.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       802283                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           4     80.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            5                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      328609     50.20%     50.20% |      325937     49.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       654546                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      739705     50.17%     50.17% |      734741     49.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1474446                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      402281     50.14%     50.14% |      400002     49.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       802283                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |           4     80.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total            5                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           4     80.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         1536                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            1536                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         1536                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         1536                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     1156378      0.32%      0.32% |      829667      0.23%      0.55% |   359932546     99.23%     99.77% |      823440      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    362742031                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     5465981      0.00%      0.00% |     3703872      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072787734528    100.00%    100.00% |     3691826      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072800595968                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      865559      1.51%      1.51% |      607475      1.06%      2.58% |    55068781     96.37%     98.94% |      603261      1.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     57145076                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       30427     26.55%     26.55% |       29405     25.66%     52.22% |       24881     21.71%     73.93% |       29871     26.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       114584                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       93570      2.27%      2.27% |       55080      1.33%      3.60% |     3929031     95.17%     98.77% |       50611      1.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      4128292                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         335     31.43%     31.43% |         280     26.27%     57.69% |         312     29.27%     86.96% |         139     13.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         1066                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        9244     41.55%     41.55% |        4637     20.84%     62.39% |        2426     10.90%     73.30% |        5940     26.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        22247                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        1001     27.23%     27.23% |         871     23.69%     50.92% |         937     25.49%     76.41% |         867     23.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         3676                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       16407      0.50%      0.50% |        6379      0.19%      0.69% |     3271256     99.07%     99.76% |        7965      0.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      3302007                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        5962     26.80%     26.80% |        8754     39.35%     66.15% |        1392      6.26%     72.41% |        6139     27.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        22247                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       84329      9.82%      9.82% |       56901      6.62%     16.44% |      664404     77.33%     93.77% |       53522      6.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       859156                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       21620     50.41%     50.41% |        6834     15.94%     66.35% |        7941     18.52%     84.87% |        6490     15.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        42885                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        9166     45.24%     45.24% |        3940     19.45%     64.69% |        3360     16.58%     81.27% |        3795     18.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        20261                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       20188      0.52%      0.52% |        4651      0.12%      0.65% |     3819330     99.24%     99.88% |        4568      0.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      3848737                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       28633      0.85%      0.85% |       16732      0.50%      1.35% |     3298118     98.14%     99.49% |       17129      0.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      3360612                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |       56533     27.56%     27.56% |       35836     17.47%     45.02% |       81758     39.85%     84.87% |       31037     15.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       205164                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |        8404      1.49%      1.49% |        3035      0.54%      2.03% |      549155     97.50%     99.53% |        2632      0.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       563226                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |        8128     28.82%     28.82% |        4905     17.39%     46.21% |       10279     36.45%     82.66% |        4889     17.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        28201                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        4793     19.43%     19.43% |        9101     36.90%     56.33% |        1268      5.14%     61.47% |        9503     38.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        24665                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        6985     26.27%     26.27% |        5988     22.52%     48.79% |        7620     28.66%     77.45% |        5997     22.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        26590                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        2351     34.43%     34.43% |        2213     32.41%     66.83% |          70      1.03%     67.86% |        2195     32.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total         6829                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        8213     28.51%     28.51% |        7196     24.98%     53.49% |        6217     21.58%     75.07% |        7182     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        28808                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      183823     27.96%     27.96% |      182404     27.75%     55.71% |      108535     16.51%     72.23% |      182575     27.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       657337                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     5402463      0.00%      0.00% |     3662048      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072787644416    100.00%    100.00% |     3654792      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total 18446744072800364544                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        8165     49.23%     49.23% |        3069     18.50%     67.74% |        2423     14.61%     82.35% |        2928     17.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        16585                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |       16295     23.32%     23.32% |       19448     27.83%     51.15% |       14172     20.28%     71.43% |       19967     28.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        69882                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       65169     25.99%     25.99% |       43233     17.24%     43.23% |      103484     41.27%     84.50% |       38861     15.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       250747                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |      163495      0.10%      0.10% |       83300      0.05%      0.15% |   169542640     99.80%     99.95% |       88161      0.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total    169877596                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |        6150      1.00%      1.00% |        1383      0.23%      1.23% |      603348     98.55%     99.78% |        1367      0.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       612248                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2070     37.12%     37.12% |        1566     28.08%     65.21% |         275      4.93%     70.14% |        1665     29.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         5576                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |        6250      0.23%      0.23% |         918      0.03%      0.27% |     2666858     99.69%     99.96% |        1093      0.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      2675119                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |         190     66.20%     66.20% |          29     10.10%     76.31% |          61     21.25%     97.56% |           7      2.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total          287                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |        2182     25.04%     25.04% |        2501     28.70%     53.74% |         231      2.65%     56.39% |        3800     43.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         8714                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      775634      0.41%      0.41% |      538130      0.28%      0.70% |   186981985     99.03%     99.72% |      526072      0.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    188821821                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      840489      1.50%      1.50% |      597775      1.07%      2.57% |    53913785     96.37%     98.94% |      594139      1.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     55946188                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        3934     36.01%     36.01% |        3486     31.91%     67.92% |         155      1.42%     69.34% |        3350     30.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        10925                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |       13938      1.19%      1.19% |        3733      0.32%      1.51% |     1152472     98.20%     99.70% |        3475      0.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1173618                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         145     18.61%     18.61% |         251     32.22%     50.83% |         251     32.22%     83.06% |         132     16.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total          779                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        7062     52.18%     52.18% |        2136     15.78%     67.97% |        2195     16.22%     84.19% |        2140     15.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total        13533                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       16407      0.50%      0.50% |        6379      0.19%      0.69% |     3271256     99.07%     99.76% |        7965      0.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      3302007                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        5962     26.80%     26.80% |        8754     39.35%     66.15% |        1392      6.26%     72.41% |        6139     27.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        22247                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       74575     25.47%     25.47% |       52524     17.94%     43.41% |      116116     39.66%     83.07% |       49562     16.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       292777                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        1001     27.23%     27.23% |         871     23.69%     50.92% |         937     25.49%     76.41% |         867     23.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         3676                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |        9754      1.72%      1.72% |        4377      0.77%      2.49% |      548288     96.81%     99.30% |        3960      0.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       566379                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |       21620     50.41%     50.41% |        6834     15.94%     66.35% |        7941     18.52%     84.87% |        6490     15.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        42885                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        9166     45.24%     45.24% |        3940     19.45%     64.69% |        3360     16.58%     81.27% |        3795     18.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total        20261                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       20188      0.52%      0.52% |        4651      0.12%      0.65% |     3819330     99.24%     99.88% |        4568      0.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      3848737                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR       231755      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        3385280      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         570056      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE        16585      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        3848737      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement       792388      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean       664441      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       1474446      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        1456834      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          24458      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean         8714      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              26510      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all          30588      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          22247      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      3888647      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv             10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR        22968      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      1080922      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX       370556      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR       208778      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS        61023      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         3676      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE        16585      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          339      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean        24673      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR            8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      2221085      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       194757      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       790846      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean       624475      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        22247      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         1066      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      3848737      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         1203      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        15293      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      1456834      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data         1030      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all          178      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data         9895      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all         5398      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          26007      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all        24673      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            503      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          339      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data      1080922      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data        22968      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data       370556      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        20261      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      3868386      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data        13530      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean         8705      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        22235      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.935947                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3935947033500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               56133384552001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 152235                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   213695                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              265216414                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2054792                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14840.51                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2259251190                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3171336288                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     48619904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          48619904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     26669888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       26669888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       759686                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             759686                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       416717                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            416717                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12352784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             12352784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      6775977                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             6775977                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     19128761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            19128761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     759686                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    416717                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   759686                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  416717                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              48542272                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  77632                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               26670464                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               48619904                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            26669888                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                  1213                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            51379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            47403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            54534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            56132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            58567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            49442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            44741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            45964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            42960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            42504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           43541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           42750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           41077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           40796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           49322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           47361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            28676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            25997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            29173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            30187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            30238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            26427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            24909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            25401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            24487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            23587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           24198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           24193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           23142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           22930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           27258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           25923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 3935942728000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               759686                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              416717                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 756501                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   1953                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 25722                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 25929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 25962                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 25966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 25957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 25951                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 25949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 25945                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 25942                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 25944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 25951                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 25943                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 25938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 25939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 25933                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 25932                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       726692                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   103.500245                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.362353                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   118.835476                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       561270     77.24%     77.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       115477     15.89%     93.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        24717      3.40%     96.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10031      1.38%     97.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4217      0.58%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3276      0.45%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2011      0.28%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1674      0.23%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4019      0.55%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       726692                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        25929                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.545297                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    49.843015                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        25918     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            8      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7424-7679            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        25929                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        25929                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.071811                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.067611                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.383349                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           25014     96.47%     96.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              21      0.08%     96.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18             858      3.31%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              27      0.10%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               7      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::26               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        25929                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 13575867202                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            27797235952                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                3792365000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    17898.95                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               36648.95                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       12.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        6.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    12.35                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     6.78                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  314288                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 134220                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                41.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               32.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   3345743.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   38.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              2969182440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              1620089625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             3214731000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            1432131840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        257306440560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        396252052515                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        2016087220500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2678881848480                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           680.012238                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3350185807751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 131430000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 454331128749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              2544181920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              1388194500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             2760724200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            1268252640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        257306440560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        381740792445                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        2028816396000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2675824982265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           679.236277                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3371576104252                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 131430000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 432943270748                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     48281600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          48281600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     26508480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       26508480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       754400                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             754400                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       414195                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            414195                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12266832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             12266832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      6734969                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             6734969                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     19001800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            19001800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     754400                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    414195                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   754400                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  414195                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              48215168                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  66432                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               26508096                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               48281600                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            26508480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                  1038                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            51346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            47343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            53279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            54785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            57206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            49384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            44733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            45224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            43109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            42779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           42679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           42179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           41794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           40963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           48934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           47625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            28560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            25846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            28220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            30360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            29316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            26508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            25032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            25189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            24295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            23554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           23972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           24077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           23330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           22949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           27077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           25904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 3935946474000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               754400                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              414195                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 751612                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1729                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   778                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 25571                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 25783                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 25818                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 25818                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 25812                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 25813                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 25818                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 25810                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 25802                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 25799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 25802                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 25801                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 25805                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 25791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 25788                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 25787                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       721496                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   103.567299                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.363252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   119.108632                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       557449     77.26%     77.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       114492     15.87%     93.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        24297      3.37%     96.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10042      1.39%     97.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4224      0.59%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3342      0.46%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1998      0.28%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1603      0.22%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4049      0.56%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       721496                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        25785                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.511654                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    50.906355                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        25768     99.93%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           13      0.05%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        25785                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        25785                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.063176                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.059471                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.360349                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           24983     96.89%     96.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              17      0.07%     96.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18             756      2.93%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              24      0.09%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               3      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::27               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        25785                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 13486536705                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            27612074205                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                3766810000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    17901.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               36651.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       12.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        6.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    12.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     6.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  311653                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 134403                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                41.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               32.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   3368101.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   38.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              2931745320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              1599662625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             3176542200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            1419320880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        257306440560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        394535463030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        2017593000750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2678562175365                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           679.931091                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3352670438251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 131430000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 451847787749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              2542034880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              1387023000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             2759133000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            1264623840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        257306440560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        382517756595                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        2028134848500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2675911860375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           679.258330                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3370441468001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 131430000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 434077906999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      7870351162                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    8835606                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     17309153                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             17041071                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                 20178                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     401746                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      1262397                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    17041071                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                        20178                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           34154333                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          13946071                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               32863                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              15936                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             9520104                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            5995078                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      3854824                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    2353364                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   1501460                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              7830734212.517624                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              39616949.482377                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.005034                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.994966                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          1821612                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               151852      0.88%      0.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 13219183     76.37%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   22303      0.13%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    46386      0.27%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  14975      0.09%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 2353364     13.60%     91.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                1501460      8.67%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  17309571                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      7875479358                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    4774194                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      9731067                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              9543910                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                 21323                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     245744                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       696307                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     9543910                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                        21323                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           19483930                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           7743873                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               34025                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              16565                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             5231066                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            2823205                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      2392466                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1440091                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    952375                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              7852250235.007639                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              23229122.992362                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.002950                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.997050                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1036944                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               127115      1.31%      1.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  7140219     73.37%     74.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   16947      0.17%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    38598      0.40%     75.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                  15842      0.16%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1440091     14.80%     90.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 952375      9.79%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   9731203                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      7873804014                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                 2240938190                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                   3134687817                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses           1367685642                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses            2127683828                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    4902036                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts    125549610                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                  1367685642                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                   2127683828                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads         2750974666                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         830640814                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads          4601239627                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes         2077620590                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           737376214                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          431096997                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                    408984760                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                  354013451                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  54971309                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              30801562.530601                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              7843002451.469398                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.996088                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.003912                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                        163601955                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              2298871      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu               1678732652     53.55%     53.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   80784      0.00%     53.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                   101401      0.00%     53.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd             1044498217     33.32%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead               354013451     11.29%     98.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               54971309      1.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                3134696717                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      7868102860                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    3295006                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      7003644                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              6849563                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  7516                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     193640                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       486717                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     6849563                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         7516                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           13966352                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           5648970                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               12420                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               6032                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             3844291                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            2059505                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1691163                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    1043443                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    647720                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              7852252930.211392                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              15849929.788608                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.002014                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.997986                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           746335                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               122523      1.75%      1.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  5130121     73.25%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   12876      0.18%     75.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    41324      0.59%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   5760      0.08%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 1043443     14.90%     90.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 647720      9.25%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   7003767                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 5102                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                5102                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                7302                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               7302                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               562                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              562                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          264                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          264                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1060                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         6190                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2298                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        10588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2304                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2298                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         6504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1060                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          618                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   25932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          532                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          532                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         2120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         3095                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        11711                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2076                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          222                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         6954                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1413                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8721                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          309                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         6977                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    36483                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               162500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              4266981                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             6474500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             3004485                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             3009993                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             3327512                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             2959498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              784496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             8650500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             2930000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             5211500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             3039000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           26                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       106496                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           26                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               47215837                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.419748                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 1.781878                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    44751436     94.78%     94.78% |        6602      0.01%     94.79% |     2455934      5.20%    100.00% |         474      0.00%    100.00% |        1286      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |          63      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 47215837                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   7627085629                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000379                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  7627084536    100.00%    100.00% |        1093      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   7627085629                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     7627085629                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.070944                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.004063                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         3.380762                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  7626931561    100.00%    100.00% |      109827      0.00%    100.00% |       42445      0.00%    100.00% |        1159      0.00%    100.00% |         587      0.00%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       7627085629                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   7618496525                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  7618496525    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   7618496525                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      8589104                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    63.997973                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.630050                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    78.645504                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     8435036     98.21%     98.21% |      109827      1.28%     99.48% |       42445      0.49%     99.98% |        1159      0.01%     99.99% |         587      0.01%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      8589104                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      3764018                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        99923                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      3863941                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits     11555143                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        95490                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses     11650633                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      2336367                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        60673                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      2397040                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      6346495                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        56700                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      6403195                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits    411808425                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses      3879717                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    415688142                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits   3375020012                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses       104992                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses   3375125004                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1645926                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        45843                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1691769                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      4325657                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        42095                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4367752                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      2837529                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      1547904                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      4385433                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            73                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.008716                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Control::0       195413                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        47880                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       208490                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       126087                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        85859                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        39600                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4044                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        20145                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1563304                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       383040                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15011280                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1008696                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       686872                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2851200                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       291168                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       161160                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.005118                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Control::0       117373                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        40817                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       127520                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        66690                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        48124                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        16735                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3656                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         7342                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Control::0       938984                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       326536                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9181440                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       533520                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       384992                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1204920                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       263232                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        58736                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.193228                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Control::0      3984709                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        34792                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3991151                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3884032                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::2      3851042                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1165497                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          284                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2675811                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Control::0     31877672                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       278336                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    287362872                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     31072256                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     30808336                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     83915784                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        20448                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     21406488                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.003835                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Control::0        87938                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        39638                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::1        99101                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::1        52178                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::2        32465                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         7473                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3510                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         4619                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Control::0       703504                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       317104                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7135272                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       417424                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       259720                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       538056                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       252720                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        36952                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.287105                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Control::0      5899442                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::2       106549                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1      6701797                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::1      6187566                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4017490                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1229305                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        11494                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2707917                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Control::0     47195536                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       852392                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    482529384                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     49500528                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     32139920                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     88509960                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       827568                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     21663336                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.039468                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Control::0       759648                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1175596                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1085795                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          876                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          832                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Control::0      6077184                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     84642912                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      8686360                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7008                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6656                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.039202                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Control::0       754361                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1167784                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1077758                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          872                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          832                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Control::0      6034888                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     84080448                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      8622064                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6976                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6656                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized     0.000013                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Response_Data::1           84                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1748                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6048                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        13984                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        13312                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.percent_links_utilized     0.064096                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Control::0      5899442                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::2       163127                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Data::1      6735776                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::1      6240053                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4017490                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1229305                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        11494                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2709665                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Control::0     47195536                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1305016                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    484975872                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     49920424                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     32139920                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     88509960                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       827568                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     21677320                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        13312                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        17698326                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       432803                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     20207299                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     30772629                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      3722397                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      8133987                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        141586608                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      3462424                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   1454925528                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    246181032                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    268012584                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     65071896                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.011508                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        47880                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       185478                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        94620                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       383040                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     13354416                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       756960                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.005925                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       195413                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        23012                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31467                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        85859                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        39600                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4044                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        20145                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1563304                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1656864                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       251736                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       686872                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2851200                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       291168                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       161160                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006961                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        40817                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       113060                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        37527                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       326536                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8140320                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       300216                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003275                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       117373                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14460                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29163                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        48124                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        16735                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3656                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         7342                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       938984                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1041120                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       233304                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       384992                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1204920                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       263232                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        58736                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.252289                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        34792                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3981089                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3855197                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       278336                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    286638408                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     30841576                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.134167                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      3984709                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10062                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        28835                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      3851042                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1165497                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          284                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2675811                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     31877672                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       724464                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       230680                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     30808336                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     83915784                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        20448                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     21406488                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005222                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        39638                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        84295                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        23876                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       317104                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6069240                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       191008                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002448                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        87938                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14806                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        28302                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        32465                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         7473                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3510                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         4619                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       703504                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1066032                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       226416                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       259720                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       538056                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       252720                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        36952                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.239600                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      4385433                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1542483                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1561723                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4017490                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1229305                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        11494                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2707917                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     35083464                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    111058776                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12493784                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     32139920                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     88509960                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       827568                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     21663336                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.334610                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1514009                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       106549                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5159314                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4625843                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     12112072                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       852392                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    371470608                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     37006744                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.030733                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       759648                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       415904                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       334933                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          876                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      6077184                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29945088                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2679464                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7008                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.048203                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       759692                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       750862                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          832                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     54697824                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6006896                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6656                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.030538                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       754361                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       413383                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       332177                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          872                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      6034888                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29763576                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2657416                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6976                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.047867                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       754401                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       745581                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          832                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     54316872                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      5964648                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6656                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000015                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           84                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6048                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        13312                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000011                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1748                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        13984                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.link_utilization     0.011508                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        47880                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       185478                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        94620                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       383040                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     13354416                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       756960                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.link_utilization     0.006961                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        40817                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       113060                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        37527                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       326536                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8140320                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       300216                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.link_utilization     0.252289                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        34792                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3981089                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3855197                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       278336                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    286638408                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     30841576                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.link_utilization     0.005222                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        39638                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::1        84295                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::1        23876                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       317104                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6069240                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       191008                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.link_utilization     0.239600                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0      4385433                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1542483                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1561723                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4017490                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1229305                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        11494                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      2707917                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0     35083464                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    111058776                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12493784                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     32139920                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     88509960                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       827568                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     21663336                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.link_utilization     0.030733                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Control::0       759648                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1       415904                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1       334933                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          876                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::0      6077184                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29945088                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2679464                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7008                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.link_utilization     0.030538                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Control::0       754361                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1       413383                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1       332177                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          872                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::0      6034888                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29763576                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2657416                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6976                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.link_utilization     0.000015                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1           84                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6048                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        13312                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      24303447                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         0.792921                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        2.393065                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    21897252     90.10%     90.10% |        2021      0.01%     90.11% |     2402409      9.89%     99.99% |         430      0.00%     99.99% |        1231      0.01%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |          63      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        24303447                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      22611366                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.024236                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.407778                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    22553160     99.74%     99.74% |        4581      0.02%     99.76% |       53525      0.24%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |          55      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        22611366                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        301024                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000060                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.010936                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      301015    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          301024                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    727602051                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.564646                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.033910                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      9.421153                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   727489301     99.98%     99.98% |       83377      0.01%    100.00% |       28467      0.00%    100.00% |         554      0.00%    100.00% |         339      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     727602051                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    720761113                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   720761113    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    720761113                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      6840938                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    61.055740                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.703515                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.599820                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     6728188     98.35%     98.35% |       83377      1.22%     99.57% |       28467      0.42%     99.99% |         554      0.01%     99.99% |         339      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      6840938                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    114263051                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.975682                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.042755                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     13.321430                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   114225130     99.97%     99.97% |       23901      0.02%     99.99% |       13171      0.01%    100.00% |         582      0.00%    100.00% |         230      0.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     114263051                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    113125590                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   113125590    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    113125590                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1137461                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    99.011602                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    67.063953                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    91.192453                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1099540     96.67%     96.67% |       23901      2.10%     98.77% |       13171      1.16%     99.93% |         582      0.05%     99.98% |         230      0.02%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1137461                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   6783557630                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.002297                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000238                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.493074                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  6783525695    100.00%    100.00% |       29057      0.00%    100.00% |         982      0.00%    100.00% |        1182      0.00%    100.00% |         523      0.00%    100.00% |         156      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   6783557630                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   6783026599                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  6783026599    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   6783026599                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       531031                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    30.336899                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    20.976085                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    47.382813                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      499096     93.99%     93.99% |       29057      5.47%     99.46% |         982      0.18%     99.64% |        1182      0.22%     99.87% |         523      0.10%     99.96% |         156      0.03%     99.99% |           4      0.00%     99.99% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       531031                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       953427                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.929930                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.193802                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    13.900517                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      949043     99.54%     99.54% |        4111      0.43%     99.97% |         103      0.01%     99.98% |         107      0.01%     99.99% |          53      0.01%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       953427                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       901081                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      901081    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       901081                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        52346                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.151626                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    25.190735                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    48.493526                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       47962     91.62%     91.62% |        4111      7.85%     99.48% |         103      0.20%     99.68% |         107      0.20%     99.88% |          53      0.10%     99.98% |           8      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        52346                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       354735                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     4.820666                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.309807                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    22.007266                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      349443     98.51%     98.51% |        5046      1.42%     99.93% |          73      0.02%     99.95% |         102      0.03%     99.98% |          56      0.02%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       354735                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       327407                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      327407    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       327407                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        27328                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    50.594701                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.221946                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    63.377926                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       22036     80.64%     80.64% |        5046     18.46%     99.10% |          73      0.27%     99.37% |         102      0.37%     99.74% |          56      0.20%     99.95% |          11      0.04%     99.99% |           2      0.01%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        27328                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       354735                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      354735    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       354735                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       354735                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      354735    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       354735                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      759648     50.17%     50.17% |      754361     49.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1514009                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      415904     50.15%     50.15% |      413383     49.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       829287                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      759686     50.17%     50.17% |      754400     49.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1514086                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      416717     50.15%     50.15% |      414195     49.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       830912                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          44     52.38%     52.38% |          40     47.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           84                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         832     50.00%     50.00% |         832     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         1664                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      334933     50.21%     50.21% |      332177     49.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       667110                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      759648     50.17%     50.17% |      754361     49.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1514009                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          38     49.35%     49.35% |          39     50.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           77                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         813     50.03%     50.03% |         812     49.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         1625                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          38     49.35%     49.35% |          39     50.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           77                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         813     50.03%     50.03% |         812     49.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         1625                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      415879     50.15%     50.15% |      413362     49.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       829241                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           6     85.71%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |          19     48.72%     48.72% |          20     51.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total           39                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      334933     50.21%     50.21% |      332177     49.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       667110                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      759648     50.17%     50.17% |      754361     49.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1514009                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      415879     50.15%     50.15% |      413362     49.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       829241                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |           6     85.71%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           6     85.71%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |          19     48.72%     48.72% |          20     51.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total           39                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |          19     48.72%     48.72% |          20     51.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total           39                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          84    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           84                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         1664                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          84    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             84                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            1664                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          84    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           84                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         1664                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          84    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           84                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         1664                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     2199062      0.60%      0.60% |     1354933      0.37%      0.97% |   360332822     98.76%     99.73% |      973203      0.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    364860020                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    11650633      0.00%      0.00% |     6403195      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072789708800    100.00%    100.00% |     4367752      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072812130304                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     1664879      2.83%      2.83% |     1042107      1.77%      4.61% |    55355320     94.17%     98.78% |      718566      1.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     58780872                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       35511     27.47%     27.47% |       32819     25.39%     52.86% |       29119     22.53%     75.39% |       31812     24.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       129261                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      169681      3.95%      3.95% |       94048      2.19%      6.13% |     3970776     92.34%     98.48% |       65499      1.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      4300004                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        1726     32.01%     32.01% |        1536     28.49%     60.50% |        1284     23.81%     84.31% |         846     15.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         5392                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |       10643     37.38%     37.38% |        6462     22.69%     60.07% |        4389     15.41%     75.49% |        6980     24.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        28474                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        1207     29.35%     29.35% |         994     24.17%     53.53% |        1021     24.83%     78.36% |         890     21.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         4112                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       43705      1.30%      1.30% |       17173      0.51%      1.81% |     3284941     97.81%     99.62% |       12702      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      3358521                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        7892     27.72%     27.72% |       10475     36.79%     64.50% |        3038     10.67%     75.17% |        7069     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        28474                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      132674     13.64%     13.64% |       84418      8.68%     22.32% |      692089     71.14%     93.46% |       63634      6.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       972815                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       23733     49.06%     49.06% |        8143     16.83%     65.89% |        9248     19.12%     85.01% |        7251     14.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        48375                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |       11142     43.48%     43.48% |        5307     20.71%     64.20% |        4641     18.11%     82.31% |        4533     17.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        25623                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       59745      1.52%      1.52% |       24077      0.61%      2.13% |     3841308     97.56%     99.69% |       12092      0.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      3937222                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       60177      1.76%      1.76% |       30465      0.89%      2.64% |     3314721     96.68%     99.32% |       23207      0.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      3428570                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |       88502     32.46%     32.46% |       50685     18.59%     51.05% |       97366     35.71%     86.77% |       36076     13.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       272629                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |       21002      3.50%      3.50% |       13424      2.24%      5.74% |      558689     93.19%     98.93% |        6411      1.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       599526                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11955     32.76%     32.76% |        6528     17.89%     50.65% |       12504     34.26%     84.91% |        5508     15.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        36495                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        5484     20.24%     20.24% |        9732     35.92%     56.17% |        1933      7.14%     63.30% |        9942     36.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        27091                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        6988     26.22%     26.22% |        6015     22.57%     48.80% |        7626     28.62%     77.41% |        6019     22.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        26648                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        3325     35.17%     35.17% |        2737     28.95%     64.11% |         753      7.96%     72.08% |        2640     27.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total         9455                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        9185     26.35%     26.35% |        9310     26.71%     53.06% |        7847     22.51%     75.58% |        8512     24.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        34854                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      288298     32.44%     32.44% |      245523     27.63%     60.07% |      151031     16.99%     77.06% |      203838     22.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       888690                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    11555143      0.00%      0.00% |     6346495      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072789604352    100.00%    100.00% |     4325657      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total 18446744072811831296                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        9935     46.18%     46.18% |        4315     20.06%     66.24% |        3621     16.83%     83.07% |        3643     16.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        21514                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |       17406     23.08%     23.08% |       21029     27.88%     50.96% |       15972     21.18%     72.14% |       21011     27.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        75418                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      100751     30.72%     30.72% |       60661     18.50%     49.22% |      121621     37.09%     86.31% |       44895     13.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       327928                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |      367759      0.22%      0.22% |      179179      0.11%      0.32% |   169645970     99.60%     99.93% |      127484      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total    170320392                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       18883      2.98%      2.98% |        4388      0.69%      3.68% |      607420     96.01%     99.69% |        1982      0.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       632673                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2106     35.99%     35.99% |        1604     27.41%     63.41% |         358      6.12%     69.53% |        1783     30.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         5851                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |       20145      0.74%      0.74% |        7342      0.27%      1.02% |     2675811     98.81%     99.83% |        4619      0.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      2707917                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |         480     39.47%     39.47% |         607     49.92%     89.39% |          87      7.15%     96.55% |          42      3.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total         1216                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |        2514     23.79%     23.79% |        3118     29.51%     53.30% |         759      7.18%     60.48% |        4176     39.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        10567                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1477344      0.78%      0.78% |      890034      0.47%      1.24% |   187219167     98.44%     99.68% |      608732      0.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    190195277                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     1611734      2.80%      2.80% |     1017243      1.77%      4.57% |    54184837     94.21%     98.78% |      703890      1.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     57517704                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        4044     35.18%     35.18% |        3656     31.81%     66.99% |         284      2.47%     69.46% |        3510     30.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        11494                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |       39600      3.22%      3.22% |       16735      1.36%      4.58% |     1165497     94.81%     99.39% |        7473      0.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1229305                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |        1246     29.84%     29.84% |         929     22.25%     52.08% |        1197     28.66%     80.75% |         804     19.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         4176                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        8129     45.40%     45.40% |        3344     18.67%     64.07% |        3630     20.27%     84.34% |        2804     15.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total        17907                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       43705      1.30%      1.30% |       17173      0.51%      1.81% |     3284941     97.81%     99.62% |       12702      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      3358521                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        7892     27.72%     27.72% |       10475     36.79%     64.50% |        3038     10.67%     75.17% |        7069     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        28474                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      109554     29.77%     29.77% |       69249     18.82%     48.60% |      133667     36.33%     84.92% |       55473     15.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       367943                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        1207     29.35%     29.35% |         994     24.17%     53.53% |        1021     24.83%     78.36% |         890     21.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         4112                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       23120      3.82%      3.82% |       15169      2.51%      6.33% |      558422     92.32%     98.65% |        8161      1.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       604872                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |       23733     49.06%     49.06% |        8143     16.83%     65.89% |        9248     19.12%     85.01% |        7251     14.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        48375                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |       11142     43.48%     43.48% |        5307     20.71%     64.20% |        4641     18.11%     82.31% |        4533     17.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total        25623                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       59745      1.52%      1.52% |       24077      0.61%      2.13% |     3841308     97.56%     99.69% |       12092      0.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      3937222                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR       299278      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        3456091      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         608988      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE        21514      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        3937222      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement       819026      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean       677325      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       1514009      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        1496397      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          29401      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean        10567      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              29714      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all          35566      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          28474      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      3989016      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv             92      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR        29449      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      1097693      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX       386867      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR       269812      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS        68608      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         4112      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE        21511      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          589      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean        29126      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR           16      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      2260857      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       212613      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       816890      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean       632408      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv           39      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        28474      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         5392      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      3937222      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         1547      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        15791      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      1496397      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv           39      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data         1279      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all          275      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data        10215      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all         5576      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          28935      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all        29126      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            779      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          589      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS           29      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data      1097664      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data        29478      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data       386867      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           68      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        25623      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS          359      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      3963393      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data        17896      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean        10551      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           27      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data           11      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean           16      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        28447      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
