
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  4.204754                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                4204753515000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               56403689125001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 161451                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   226386                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              301547384                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1915644                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 13943.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2251265771                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3156707014                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    108076032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         108076032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0    108095872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total      108095872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1688688                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            1688688                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1688998                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           1688998                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     25703298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             25703298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     25708016                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            25708016                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     51411314                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            51411314                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    1688688                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   1688998                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  1688688                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 1688998                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              65923392                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ               42152640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               76281216                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              108076032                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys           108095872                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                658635                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts               497097                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            67919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            68852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            67951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            53237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            53208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            56950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            55507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            68703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            67037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            74968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           79173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           78612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           63471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           60453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           51230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           62782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            72495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            75392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            75181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            55890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            57838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            63268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            64278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            74860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            96791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9           103742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           94880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           96440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           72325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           67434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           54013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           67067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 4204753486000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              1688688                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             1688998                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                1029156                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    897                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 12584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 12805                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 72034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 73044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 73054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 73047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 72960                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 72976                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 73041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 73063                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 73083                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 72956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 72872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 72872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 72868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 72866                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 72863                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 72863                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      1394724                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   101.958822                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    86.916143                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    83.088039                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       944675     67.73%     67.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       371474     26.63%     94.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        57100      4.09%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        12414      0.89%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3242      0.23%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1342      0.10%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          998      0.07%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          894      0.06%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2585      0.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      1394724                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        72863                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.136764                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    13.756624                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.196948                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2-3             24      0.03%      0.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4-5            425      0.58%      0.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6-7           1922      2.64%      3.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-9           3114      4.27%      7.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::10-11         6591      9.05%     16.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12-13        12493     17.15%     33.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::14-15        20897     28.68%     62.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-17        25017     34.33%     96.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::18-19         1162      1.59%     98.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20-21          245      0.34%     98.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::22-23          147      0.20%     98.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          144      0.20%     99.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::26-27          162      0.22%     99.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28-29          152      0.21%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::30-31          121      0.17%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-33           84      0.12%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::34-35           55      0.08%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::36-37           27      0.04%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::38-39           28      0.04%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-41           24      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::42-43           13      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::44-45            8      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::46-47            7      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::50-51            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        72863                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        72863                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.358014                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.340347                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.781122                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           60035     82.39%     82.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             139      0.19%     82.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           12146     16.67%     99.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19             519      0.71%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              22      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        72863                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 20633295988                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            39946789738                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                5150265000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    20031.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               38781.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       15.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       18.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    25.70                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    25.71                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.33                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  318080                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 509143                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                30.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               42.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   1244862.16                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   37.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              4993289280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              2724513000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             3876810600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            3524575680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        274961100960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        641951216280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1962741439500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2894772945300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           687.633576                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3260247857250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 140405980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 804099166250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              5630030280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              3071941125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             4235431200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            4264565760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        274961100960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        666824566770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1940922711000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2899910347095                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           688.853931                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3224045204250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 140405980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 840302963750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    214773184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         214773184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1    214793088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      214793088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3355831                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            3355831                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3356142                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           3356142                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     51078662                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             51078662                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     51083396                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            51083396                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    102162058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           102162058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    3355831                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   3356142                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  3355831                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 3356142                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              65119552                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ              149653632                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               74247232                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              214773184                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys           214793088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ               2338338                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts              2196028                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            65875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            65267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            63386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            52388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            57117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            54885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            55822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            66405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            88175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            74862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           65072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           79887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           61908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           52548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           53430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           60466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            69614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            69490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            68125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            55081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            61724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            59368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            61303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            72352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8           106445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9           101754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           89944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           96751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           69478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           57690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           56245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           64749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 4204754482000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              3355831                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             3356142                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                1016769                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    724                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 11235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 11374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 70543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 71191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 71230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 71142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 71157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 71155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 71174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 71167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 71190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 71114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 71074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 71069                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 71071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 71066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 71065                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 71065                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      1347189                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   103.450346                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    87.798370                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    85.108243                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       900888     66.87%     66.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       365988     27.17%     94.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        57808      4.29%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        13184      0.98%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3413      0.25%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1417      0.11%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          924      0.07%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          863      0.06%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2704      0.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      1347189                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        71065                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.317765                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.020909                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-1              2      0.00%      0.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2-3             40      0.06%      0.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4-5            510      0.72%      0.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6-7           1475      2.08%      2.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-9           2174      3.06%      5.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::10-11         5326      7.49%     13.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12-13        11827     16.64%     30.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::14-15        22106     31.11%     61.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-17        25304     35.61%     96.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::18-19         1160      1.63%     98.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20-21          235      0.33%     98.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::22-23          148      0.21%     98.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          161      0.23%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::26-27          168      0.24%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28-29          134      0.19%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::30-31          107      0.15%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-33           49      0.07%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::34-35           44      0.06%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::36-37           31      0.04%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::38-39           24      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-41           12      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::42-43           16      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::44-45            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::46-47            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-49            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::50-51            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        71065                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        71065                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.324675                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.308464                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.748124                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           59676     83.97%     83.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             102      0.14%     84.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           10903     15.34%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19             373      0.52%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               9      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        71065                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 20321249492                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            39399243242                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                5087465000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    19971.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               38721.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       15.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       17.66                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    51.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    51.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  317286                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 513133                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                31.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               44.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    626455.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   38.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              4794627600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              2616116250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             3789583200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            3381076080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        274961100960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        636717586005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1967332343250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2893592433345                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           687.353154                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3267959826751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 140405980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 796389436249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              5467996800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              2983530000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             4224924600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            4202273520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        274961100960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        673210452330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1935321057000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2900371335210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           688.963436                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3214732553250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 140405980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 849614969750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     91958400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          91958400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     91978304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       91978304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1436850                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total            1436850                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1437161                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total           1437161                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     21870105                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             21870105                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     21874838                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            21874838                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     43744943                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            43744943                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                    1436850                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                   1437161                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                  1436850                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                 1437161                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              62091264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ               29867136                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               70174848                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               91958400                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            91978304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                466674                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts               340682                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            62926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            68690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            66438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            48443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            56191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            54361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            49677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            71768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            72574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            66071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           61315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           76366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           54893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           52560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           51146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           56757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            66839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            73843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            71668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            50995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            63551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            59415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            55312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            79385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            88835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            88042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           75827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           90799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           59930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           57612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           54025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           60404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 4204753247000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6              1436850                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6             1437161                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 969323                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    853                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                 11019                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                 11165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 66701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 67265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 67181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 67183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 67179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 67184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 67203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 67202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 67288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 67215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 67115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 67110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 67111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 67107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 67106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 67106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples      1290613                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   102.483220                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    87.085833                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    84.974684                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       873326     67.67%     67.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255       343279     26.60%     94.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        52967      4.10%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        12006      0.93%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3281      0.25%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1323      0.10%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          849      0.07%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          901      0.07%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2681      0.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total      1290613                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        67106                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.457381                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    14.085347                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.032139                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-1              4      0.01%      0.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2-3            247      0.37%      0.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4-5            504      0.75%      1.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::6-7            908      1.35%      2.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8-9           2237      3.33%      5.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::10-11         4761      7.09%     12.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12-13         9938     14.81%     27.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::14-15        19363     28.85%     56.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16-17        26646     39.71%     96.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::18-19         1279      1.91%     98.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::20-21          331      0.49%     98.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::22-23          208      0.31%     98.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          171      0.25%     99.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::26-27          157      0.23%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::28-29          111      0.17%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::30-31           75      0.11%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-33           53      0.08%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::34-35           39      0.06%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::36-37           29      0.04%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::38-39           14      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40-41           13      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::42-43            7      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::44-45            6      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::46-47            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        67106                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        67106                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.339552                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.322461                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.768687                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16           55994     83.44%     83.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17              55      0.08%     83.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18           10449     15.57%     99.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19             600      0.89%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20               7      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        67106                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 19358926491                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            37549726491                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                4850880000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    19954.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               38704.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       14.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       16.69                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    21.87                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    21.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.27                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  300166                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 475880                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                30.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               43.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   1463026.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   37.55                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              4804410240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy              2621454000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             3767813400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy            3405460320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        274961100960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        625765743945                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        1976939222250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          2892265205115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           687.037880                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3284001267250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF 140405980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 780346307750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              5031263160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy              2745232875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             3876171000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy            3763830240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        274961100960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        637170601770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        1966934961000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          2894483161005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           687.564740                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3267481951251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF 140405980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 796866929249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    278591360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total         278591360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3    278610944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total      278610944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3      4352990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total            4352990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3      4353296                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total           4353296                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     66256288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             66256288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     66260946                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            66260946                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    132517234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           132517234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                    4352990                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                   4353296                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                  4352990                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                 4353296                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              68276480                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ              210314880                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               79975616                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys              278591360                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys           278610944                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ               3286170                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts              3103670                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            68256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            64418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            69478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            53950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            58624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            58213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            68143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            75567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            95970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            70159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           66744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           79334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           62043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           58643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           54368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           62910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            73624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            70643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            73751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            57712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            65475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            66734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            79721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            83038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8           122129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            97600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           92228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           94837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           82331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           63749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           57136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           68911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 4204753601500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6              4352990                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6             4353296                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                1065650                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1170                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                 13456                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                 13622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 75630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 76473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 76499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 76488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 76515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 76529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 76611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 76557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 76534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 76447                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 76381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 76371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 76368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 76362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 76361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 76360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples      1449387                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   102.286244                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    87.175913                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    83.113054                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       976238     67.36%     67.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255       390580     26.95%     94.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        59494      4.10%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        13817      0.95%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3524      0.24%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1293      0.09%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          848      0.06%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          783      0.05%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2810      0.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total      1449387                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        76360                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.970849                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    13.522441                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.310064                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-1             14      0.02%      0.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2-3            308      0.40%      0.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4-5           1029      1.35%      1.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::6-7           1353      1.77%      3.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8-9           3247      4.25%      7.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::10-11         7725     10.12%     17.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12-13        14138     18.51%     36.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::14-15        21186     27.74%     64.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-17        25000     32.74%     96.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::18-19         1162      1.52%     98.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::20-21          225      0.29%     98.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::22-23          145      0.19%     98.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          136      0.18%     99.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::26-27          152      0.20%     99.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::28-29          161      0.21%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::30-31          118      0.15%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-33           91      0.12%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::34-35           47      0.06%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::36-37           37      0.05%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::38-39           32      0.04%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::40-41           28      0.04%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::42-43           15      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::44-45            7      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::46-47            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        76360                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        76360                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.364838                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.346758                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.790409                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16           62751     82.18%     82.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17              89      0.12%     82.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18           12813     16.78%     99.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19             686      0.90%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20              19      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        76360                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 21467584736                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            41470459736                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                5334100000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    20122.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               38872.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       16.24                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       19.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    66.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    66.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.64                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  331000                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 536055                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                31.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               42.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    482956.06                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   37.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              5259628080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy              2869836750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             4063620600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy            3726097200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        274961100960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        662711163480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        1944530959500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          2898122406570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           688.429218                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3229784218501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF 140405980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 834563324999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              5772067560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy              3149441625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             4332361800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy            4434056640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        274961100960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        698988640770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        1912708611000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          2904346280355                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           689.907657                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3176899938751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF 140405980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 887447782749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      8407746488                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    4350279                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      9182589                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              8998623                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1814                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     254096                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       652354                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     8998623                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         1814                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           18236869                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           7417485                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                3048                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               1440                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             5207151                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            2856812                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      2136916                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    1324402                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    812514                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              8374352296.586361                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              33394191.413639                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.003972                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.996028                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           982570                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               137218      1.49%      1.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  6846707     74.56%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   15201      0.17%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    45271      0.49%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   1368      0.01%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 1324402     14.42%     91.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 812514      8.85%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   9182681                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      8409091672                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    2983414                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      6413403                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              6274344                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                   154                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     177905                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       447640                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     6274344                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                          154                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           12761849                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           5201025                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                 258                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                126                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             3560426                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            1891029                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1540152                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                     958061                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    582091                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              8382422884.277969                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              26668787.722031                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.003171                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.996829                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           683026                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               116091      1.81%      1.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  4700188     73.29%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   16121      0.25%     75.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    40754      0.64%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                    120      0.00%     75.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                  958061     14.94%     90.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 582091      9.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   6413426                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      8410800204                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                 2239526292                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                   3132031768                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses           1365074884                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses            2127680264                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    4838543                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts    125349478                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                  1365074884                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                   2127680264                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads         2745661064                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         828540627                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads          4601234004                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes         2077617833                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           735955977                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          430174344                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                    408352796                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                  353625186                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  54727610                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              7041001.563264                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              8403759202.436736                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.999163                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.000837                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                        163317446                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              2283002      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu               1676729958     53.53%     53.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   79646      0.00%     53.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    99377      0.00%     53.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd             1044495651     33.35%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead               353625186     11.29%     98.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               54727610      1.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                3132040430                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      8410163920                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    2991011                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      6460503                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              6317318                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     178230                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       453802                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     6317318                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           12842760                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           5246755                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             3636711                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            1908469                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1536078                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     954996                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    581082                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              8379299797.305787                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              30864122.694213                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.003670                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.996330                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           690252                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               122422      1.89%      1.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  4744789     73.44%     75.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   13019      0.20%     75.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    44198      0.68%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  954996     14.78%     91.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 581082      8.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   6460506                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  210                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 210                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                4364                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               4364                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                24                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               24                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2118                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           44                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    9196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           56                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4268                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4364                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4236                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4278                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           22                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4284                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           56                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          202                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4252                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4514                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    17588                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                85000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                75994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              291000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             2506998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             2628999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             2946447                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             2510000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               18498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1651500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1612500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1693500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1966500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           24                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes        98304                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           24                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  2                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  19                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               23231514                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.001211                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.111334                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    23227763     99.98%     99.98% |         475      0.00%     99.99% |         496      0.00%     99.99% |        1270      0.01%     99.99% |         863      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |         377      0.00%    100.00% |         230      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 23231514                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   3807247881                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000226                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3807247686    100.00%    100.00% |         195      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   3807247881                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     3807247881                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.230592                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.012714                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         5.461286                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  3806568128     99.98%     99.98% |      375518      0.01%     99.99% |      226633      0.01%    100.00% |       34670      0.00%    100.00% |       32868      0.00%    100.00% |        7969      0.00%    100.00% |         993      0.00%    100.00% |        1061      0.00%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       3807247881                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3795632016                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3795632016    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3795632016                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     11615865                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    76.579476                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    62.851386                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    63.881962                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    10936112     94.15%     94.15% |      375518      3.23%     97.38% |      226633      1.95%     99.33% |       34670      0.30%     99.63% |       32868      0.28%     99.91% |        7969      0.07%     99.98% |         993      0.01%     99.99% |        1061      0.01%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     11615865                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr       781584                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr     10834281                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits      7591329                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses       311193                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      7902522                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits      5235905                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses       275740                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      5511645                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits   3777574924                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses     10750930                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses   3788325854                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits      5229858                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses       278002                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      5507860                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.018509                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::2       311193                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Data::2        72387                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4       550217                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       311412                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::2      2489544                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Data::2      5211864                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     39615624                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2491296                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.016389                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::2       275740                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Data::2        39575                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::4       511724                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       275559                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::2      2205920                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Data::2      2849400                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     36844128                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2204472                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.639201                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::2     10750930                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Data::2     10681334                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::4     10820137                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     10750542                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::2     86007440                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Data::2    769056048                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    779049864                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     86004336                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.016533                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::2       278002                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Data::2        40767                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::4       515371                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       278136                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::2      2224016                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Data::2      2935224                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     37106712                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2225088                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.101534                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::2      1878840                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Data::2      1688615                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1           25                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1688665                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          409                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1878792                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::2     15030720                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Data::2    121580280                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1800                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    121583880                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3272                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     15030336                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.200730                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::2      3558347                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Data::2      3355758                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1           23                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3355808                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          407                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3558297                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::2     28466776                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Data::2    241614576                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1656                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    241618176                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     28466376                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.086500                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::2      1616741                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Data::2      1436778                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1436834                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          400                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1616685                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::2     12933928                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Data::2    103448016                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    103452048                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3200                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     12933480                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.260056                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::2      4561937                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Data::2      4352912                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::4      4352974                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          400                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      4561875                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::2     36495496                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Data::2    313409664                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    313414128                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3200                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     36495000                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.000012                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1616                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12928                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12288                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.133946                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::2     11615865                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Data::2     10834063                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4     11615865                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1616                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     11615649                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::2     92926920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Data::2    780052536                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    836342280                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12928                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12288                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     92925192                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        34847595                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Data           32502189                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     34847835                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     34856403                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        278780760                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Data          2340157608                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   2509044120                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    278851224                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.018504                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       311193                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       311412                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     22405896                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2491296                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.018514                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       311193                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        72387                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       239024                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      2489544                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      5211864                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     17209728                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.016393                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       275740                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       275559                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     19853280                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2204472                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.016385                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       275740                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        39575                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       235984                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      2205920                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      2849400                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     16990848                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.639211                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4     10750930                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     10750542                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    774066960                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     86004336                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.639192                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2     10750930                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2     10681334                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        69207                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2     86007440                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2    769056048                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4982904                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.016530                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       278002                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       278136                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     20016144                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2225088                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.016536                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       278002                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        40767                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       237369                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      2224016                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      2935224                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     17090568                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.101533                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      1878840                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      1688615                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          409                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     15030720                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    121580280                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3272                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.101536                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           25                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1688665                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1878792                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1800                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    121583880                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     15030336                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.200729                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      3558347                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      3355758                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          407                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     28466776                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    241614576                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.200732                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           23                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3355808                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3558297                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1656                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    241618176                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     28466376                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.086498                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      1616741                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      1436778                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          400                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     12933928                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    103448016                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3200                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.086502                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1436834                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1616685                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    103452048                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     12933480                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.260054                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      4561937                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      4352912                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          400                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     36495496                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    313409664                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3200                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.260058                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      4352974                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          384                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      4561875                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    313414128                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3072                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     36495000                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000013                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12288                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000010                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1616                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12928                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.018504                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       311193                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       311412                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     22405896                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2491296                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.016393                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       275740                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       275559                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     19853280                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2204472                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     0.639211                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4     10750930                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     10750542                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    774066960                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     86004336                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     0.016530                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4       278002                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       278136                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     20016144                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2225088                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     0.101533                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2      1878840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2      1688615                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          409                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2     15030720                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2    121580280                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3272                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization     0.200729                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2      3558347                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2      3355758                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          407                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2     28466776                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2    241614576                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization     0.086498                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Control::2      1616741                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Data::2      1436778                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          400                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::2     12933928                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Data::2    103448016                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3200                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization     0.260054                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Control::2      4561937                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Data::2      4352912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          400                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Control::2     36495496                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Data::2    313409664                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3200                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization     0.000013                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12288                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      11615865                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.000403                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.051715                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    11615117     99.99%     99.99% |          42      0.00%     99.99% |          46      0.00%     99.99% |         439      0.00%    100.00% |         215      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        11615865                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples      11615649                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.002018                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.148711                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |    11612646     99.97%     99.97% |         433      0.00%     99.98% |         450      0.00%     99.98% |         831      0.01%     99.99% |         648      0.01%     99.99% |           7      0.00%     99.99% |           8      0.00%     99.99% |          19      0.00%     99.99% |         377      0.00%    100.00% |         230      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total        11615649                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    362965550                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.773233                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.096075                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     15.538042                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   362421962     99.85%     99.85% |      299021      0.08%     99.93% |      181246      0.05%     99.98% |       29516      0.01%     99.99% |       26059      0.01%    100.00% |        6081      0.00%    100.00% |         790      0.00%    100.00% |         844      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     362965550                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    355038877                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   355038877    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    355038877                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      7926673                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    82.197067                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    66.727788                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    67.869204                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     7383085     93.14%     93.14% |      299021      3.77%     96.91% |      181246      2.29%     99.20% |       29516      0.37%     99.57% |       26059      0.33%     99.90% |        6081      0.08%     99.98% |         790      0.01%     99.99% |         844      0.01%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      7926673                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     56536810                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.303700                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.052453                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     14.675189                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    56457582     99.86%     99.86% |       40018      0.07%     99.93% |       30744      0.05%     99.99% |        2934      0.01%     99.99% |        4078      0.01%    100.00% |        1162      0.00%    100.00% |         132      0.00%    100.00% |         155      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      56536810                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     55917422                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    55917422    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     55917422                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       619388                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   119.999797                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   106.323764                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.180078                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      540160     87.21%     87.21% |       40018      6.46%     93.67% |       30744      4.96%     98.63% |        2934      0.47%     99.11% |        4078      0.66%     99.77% |        1162      0.19%     99.95% |         132      0.02%     99.97% |         155      0.03%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       619388                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   3386976794                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.046268                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.003480                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.883869                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  3386925494    100.00%    100.00% |       32767      0.00%    100.00% |       13280      0.00%    100.00% |        1986      0.00%    100.00% |        2489      0.00%    100.00% |         652      0.00%    100.00% |          68      0.00%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   3386976794                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3383937675                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3383937675    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3383937675                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3039119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    52.563638                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    48.024483                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    36.038231                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     2987819     98.31%     98.31% |       32767      1.08%     99.39% |       13280      0.44%     99.83% |        1986      0.07%     99.89% |        2489      0.08%     99.97% |         652      0.02%    100.00% |          68      0.00%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3039119                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       448827                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     6.728497                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.231353                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    31.628775                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      444742     99.09%     99.09% |        2691      0.60%     99.69% |        1007      0.22%     99.91% |         167      0.04%     99.95% |         161      0.04%     99.99% |          49      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       448827                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       429249                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      429249    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       429249                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        19578                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   132.326182                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   118.038818                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    80.248242                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       15493     79.13%     79.13% |        2691     13.75%     92.88% |        1007      5.14%     98.02% |         167      0.85%     98.88% |         161      0.82%     99.70% |          49      0.25%     99.95% |           3      0.02%     99.96% |           7      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        19578                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       159950                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     9.203864                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.378496                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    36.216459                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      158398     99.03%     99.03% |        1021      0.64%     99.67% |         356      0.22%     99.89% |          67      0.04%     99.93% |          81      0.05%     99.98% |          25      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       159950                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       148843                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      148843    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       148843                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        11107                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   119.142433                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   101.754325                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.815289                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        9555     86.03%     86.03% |        1021      9.19%     95.22% |         356      3.21%     98.42% |          67      0.60%     99.03% |          81      0.73%     99.76% |          25      0.23%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        11107                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       159950                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      159950    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       159950                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       159950                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      159950    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       159950                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       781584                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.954445                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.922708                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.825735                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      781567    100.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       781584                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     10834281                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    78.788763                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    64.290472                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    65.593599                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |    10154535     93.73%     93.73% |      375512      3.47%     97.19% |      226633      2.09%     99.28% |       34670      0.32%     99.60% |       32867      0.30%     99.91% |        7969      0.07%     99.98% |         993      0.01%     99.99% |        1061      0.01%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     10834281                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       133786                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.154628                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.119389                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.837723                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       95321     71.25%     71.25% |       38464     28.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       133786                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      7792887                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    82.815833                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    67.152290                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    68.282974                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     7249300     93.02%     93.02% |      299020      3.84%     96.86% |      181246      2.33%     99.19% |       29516      0.38%     99.57% |       26059      0.33%     99.90% |        6081      0.08%     99.98% |         790      0.01%     99.99% |         844      0.01%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      7792887                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2416                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    47.261589                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    47.219543                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.986567                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1053     43.58%     43.58% |        1363     56.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2416                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       616972                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   120.284632                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   106.662248                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.188842                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      537744     87.16%     87.16% |       40018      6.49%     93.64% |       30744      4.98%     98.63% |        2934      0.48%     99.10% |        4078      0.66%     99.76% |        1162      0.19%     99.95% |         132      0.02%     99.97% |         155      0.03%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       616972                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       642940                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.910345                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.879492                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.819861                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      642924    100.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       642940                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2396179                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    54.348842                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    48.616898                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    40.389124                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     2344885     97.86%     97.86% |       32762      1.37%     99.23% |       13280      0.55%     99.78% |        1986      0.08%     99.86% |        2488      0.10%     99.97% |         652      0.03%     99.99% |          68      0.00%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2396179                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1086                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.066298                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.063203                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.547492                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1069     98.43%     98.43% |          17      1.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1086                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        18492                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   137.450790                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   124.906520                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    79.652492                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       14407     77.91%     77.91% |        2691     14.55%     92.46% |        1007      5.45%     97.91% |         167      0.90%     98.81% |         161      0.87%     99.68% |          49      0.26%     99.95% |           3      0.02%     99.96% |           7      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        18492                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1356                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.496313                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.478056                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.317210                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1188     87.61%     87.61% |         168     12.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1356                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         9751                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   129.383858                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   113.812557                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.562177                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        8199     84.08%     84.08% |        1021     10.47%     94.55% |         356      3.65%     98.21% |          67      0.69%     98.89% |          81      0.83%     99.72% |          25      0.26%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         9751                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |     1878858     16.17%     16.17% |     3558410     30.63%     46.81% |     1616780     13.92%     60.73% |     4561969     39.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total     11616017                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |     1688614     15.59%     15.59% |     3355758     30.97%     46.56% |     1436777     13.26%     59.82% |     4352912     40.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total     10834061                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          25     31.25%     31.25% |          23     28.75%     60.00% |          16     20.00%     80.00% |          16     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           80                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         384     25.00%     25.00% |         384     25.00%     50.00% |         384     25.00%     75.00% |         384     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         1536                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     1688688     15.59%     15.59% |     3355831     30.97%     46.56% |     1436850     13.26%     59.82% |     4352990     40.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total     10834359                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     1688998     15.59%     15.59% |     3356142     30.97%     46.56% |     1437161     13.26%     59.82% |     4353296     40.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total     10835597                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |     1688665     15.59%     15.59% |     3355808     30.97%     46.56% |     1436834     13.26%     59.82% |     4352974     40.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total     10834281                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          23     29.49%     29.49% |          23     29.49%     58.97% |          16     20.51%     79.49% |          16     20.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         384     25.00%     25.00% |         384     25.00%     50.00% |         384     25.00%     75.00% |         384     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         1536                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX  |      190175     24.33%     24.33% |      202539     25.91%     50.25% |      179907     23.02%     73.26% |      208963     26.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX::total       781584                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |     1688612     15.59%     15.59% |     3355758     30.97%     46.56% |     1436777     13.26%     59.82% |     4352912     40.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total     10834059                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX |          18     11.84%     11.84% |          63     41.45%     53.29% |          39     25.66%     78.95% |          32     21.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX::total          152                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     1688665     15.59%     15.59% |     3355808     30.97%     46.56% |     1436834     13.26%     59.82% |     4352974     40.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total     10834281                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |     1688612     15.59%     15.59% |     3355758     30.97%     46.56% |     1436777     13.26%     59.82% |     4352912     40.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total     10834059                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          23     29.49%     29.49% |          23     29.49%     58.97% |          16     20.51%     79.49% |          16     20.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         384     25.00%     25.00% |         384     25.00%     50.00% |         384     25.00%     75.00% |         384     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         1536                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         1536                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            1536                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         1536                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         1536                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     1221661      0.34%      0.34% |      889223      0.24%      0.58% |   359968642     99.17%     99.76% |      886024      0.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    362965550                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     5764301      0.00%      0.00% |     3971904      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072787851264    100.00%    100.00% |     3972894      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072801560576                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      916560      1.60%      1.60% |      650518      1.14%      2.73% |    55089517     96.13%     98.87% |      648942      1.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     57305537                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |      311193      2.68%      2.68% |      275740      2.37%      5.05% |    10750930     92.55%     97.61% |      278002      2.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total     11615865                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |      239024     30.58%     30.58% |      235984     30.19%     60.78% |       69207      8.85%     69.63% |      237369     30.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       781584                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |      100881      0.92%      0.92% |       61074      0.56%      1.48% |    10732705     97.95%     99.43% |       62734      0.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total     10957394                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       72387      0.67%      0.67% |       39575      0.37%      1.03% |    10681333     98.59%     99.62% |       40766      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total     10834061                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       70398      0.89%      0.89% |       59327      0.75%      1.64% |     7735870     97.59%     99.23% |       61078      0.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      7926673                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      226585      7.46%      7.46% |      212069      6.98%     14.43% |     2387612     78.56%     93.00% |      212853      7.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total      3039119                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       14210      2.19%      2.19% |        4344      0.67%      2.85% |      627448     96.52%     99.37% |        4071      0.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       650073                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement |       28495     23.10%     23.10% |       21499     17.43%     40.54% |       51372     41.65%     82.19% |       21967     17.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement::total       123333                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1151263      0.32%      0.32% |      829896      0.23%      0.56% |   352232772     99.21%     99.77% |      824946      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    355038877                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |     5537716      0.00%      0.00% |     3759835      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072785465344    100.00%    100.00% |     3760041      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total 18446744072798523392                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      902350      1.59%      1.59% |      646174      1.14%      2.73% |    54462069     96.13%     98.86% |      644871      1.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     56655464                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |      239024     30.58%     30.58% |      235984     30.19%     60.78% |       69206      8.85%     69.63% |      237368     30.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       781582                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |       72386      0.67%      0.67% |       39575      0.37%      1.03% |    10681333     98.59%     99.62% |       40767      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total     10834061                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv    |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |       72387      0.67%      0.67% |       39575      0.37%      1.03% |    10681333     98.59%     99.62% |       40766      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total     10834061                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |      296983      2.71%      2.71% |      271396      2.47%      5.18% |    10123482     92.32%     97.50% |      273931      2.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total     10965792                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |       14210      2.19%      2.19% |        4344      0.67%      2.85% |      627448     96.52%     99.37% |        4071      0.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total       650073                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  4.227220                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                4227220061500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               56426155671501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 161196                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   226312                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              301512965                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2189052                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14020.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2259967313                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3172895584                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    111057088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         111057088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0    111077504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total      111077504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1735267                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            1735267                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1735586                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           1735586                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     26271897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             26271897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     26276726                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            26276726                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     52548623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            52548623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    1735267                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   1735586                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  1735267                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 1735586                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              68562624                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ               42494464                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               79158720                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              111057088                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys           111077504                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                663976                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts               498730                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            70250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            71453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            69666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            55170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            55473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            59994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            58031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            71608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            69961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            77942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           81624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           81577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           66739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           63226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           53437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           65140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            74980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            78499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            77070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            57973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            60284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            66504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            66947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            78045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8           100241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9           106983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           97458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           99554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           75735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           70651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           56336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           69595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 4227219735000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              1735267                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             1735586                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                1069074                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   2187                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 12966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 13204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 74601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 75815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 75836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 75820                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 75747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 75761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 75823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 75849                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 75860                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 75737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 75644                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 75643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 75630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 75627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 75621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 75621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      1445111                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   102.221629                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    87.015810                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    83.634466                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       978457     67.71%     67.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       383889     26.56%     94.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        59736      4.13%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        13266      0.92%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3588      0.25%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1525      0.11%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1086      0.08%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          939      0.06%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2625      0.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      1445111                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        75621                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.166581                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    13.786575                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.201185                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2-3             27      0.04%      0.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4-5            434      0.57%      0.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6-7           1947      2.57%      3.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-9           3175      4.20%      7.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::10-11         6777      8.96%     16.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12-13        12950     17.12%     33.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::14-15        21717     28.72%     62.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-17        25901     34.25%     96.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::18-19         1329      1.76%     98.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20-21          316      0.42%     98.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::22-23          174      0.23%     98.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          164      0.22%     99.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::26-27          167      0.22%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28-29          162      0.21%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::30-31          125      0.17%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-33           87      0.12%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::34-35           57      0.08%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::36-37           30      0.04%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::38-39           28      0.04%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-41           25      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::42-43           13      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::44-45            8      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::46-47            7      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::50-51            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        75621                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        75621                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.355973                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.338357                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.780062                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           62395     82.51%     82.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             146      0.19%     82.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           12498     16.53%     99.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19             553      0.73%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              27      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        75621                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 21444804208                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            41531510458                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                5356455000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    20017.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               38767.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       16.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       18.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    26.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    26.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.33                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  335300                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 527738                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                31.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               42.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   1217919.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   37.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              5174222760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              2823236625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             4027506600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            3661284240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        276428805120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        652793889375                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1966712993250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2911621937970                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           687.963685                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3266789747000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 141156340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 819277745500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              5830060320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              3181084500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             4406438400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            4419217440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        276428805120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        678337438455                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1944306371250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2916909415485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           689.213021                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3229607035002                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 141156340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 856461826248                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    217585920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         217585920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1    217607744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      217607744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3399780                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            3399780                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3400121                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           3400121                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     51472579                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             51472579                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     51477742                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            51477742                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    102950321                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           102950321                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    3399780                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   3400121                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  3399780                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 3400121                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              67707200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ              149878720                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               77017664                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              217585920                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys           217607744                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ               2341855                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts              2196718                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            68135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            67794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            65072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            54271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            59466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            57933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            58361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            69370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            90818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            77737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           67513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           82991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           65155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           55316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           55478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           62515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            72091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            72214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            69876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            57073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            64252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            62717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            64000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            75466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8           109424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9           104797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           92539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11          100049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           72879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           60714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           58412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           66898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 4227219999000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              3399780                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             3400121                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                1056014                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1890                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 11619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 11778                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 73048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 73848                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 73907                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 73812                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 73824                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 73831                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 73857                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 73844                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 73858                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 73783                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 73736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 73729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 73730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 73721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 73719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 73719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      1395377                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   103.718080                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    87.892395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    85.694495                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       933039     66.87%     66.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       377852     27.08%     93.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        60365      4.33%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        14083      1.01%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3753      0.27%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1610      0.12%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1015      0.07%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          907      0.07%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2753      0.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      1395377                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        73719                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.350751                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.043932                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-1              3      0.00%      0.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2-3             44      0.06%      0.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4-5            525      0.71%      0.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6-7           1508      2.05%      2.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-9           2233      3.03%      5.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::10-11         5448      7.39%     13.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12-13        12201     16.55%     29.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::14-15        22879     31.04%     60.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-17        26203     35.54%     96.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::18-19         1368      1.86%     98.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20-21          305      0.41%     98.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::22-23          190      0.26%     98.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          177      0.24%     99.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::26-27          182      0.25%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28-29          143      0.19%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::30-31          113      0.15%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-33           50      0.07%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::34-35           44      0.06%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::36-37           31      0.04%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::38-39           27      0.04%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-41           14      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::42-43           18      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::44-45            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::46-47            5      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-49            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::50-51            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        73719                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        73719                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.324163                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.307949                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.748281                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           61934     84.01%     84.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             106      0.14%     84.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           11262     15.28%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19             403      0.55%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              12      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        73719                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 21104321208                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            40940414958                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                5289625000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    19948.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               38698.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       16.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       18.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    51.47                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    51.48                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  334591                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 531366                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                31.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               44.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    621659.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   38.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              4967706240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              2710554000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             3939819000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            3514829760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        276428805120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        647605421910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1971264280500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2910431416530                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           687.682387                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3274435194002                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 141156340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 811633602248                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              5659295040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              3087909000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             4390120800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            4349129760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        276428805120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        684691651395                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1938732500250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2917339411365                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           689.314621                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3220339807750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 141156340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 865727825500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     94763584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          94763584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     94783936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       94783936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1480681                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total            1480681                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1480999                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total           1480999                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     22417471                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             22417471                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     22422286                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            22422286                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     44839757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            44839757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                    1480681                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                   1480999                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                  1480681                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                 1480999                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              64647552                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ               30116032                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               72914624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               94763584                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            94783936                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                470563                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts               341713                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            65185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            71154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            68060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            50304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            58520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            57377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            52118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            74705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            75162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            68874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           63708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           79484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           58188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           55209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           53223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           58847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            69290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            76459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            73385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            52925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            66000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            62721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            57870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            82525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            91841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            91080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           78274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           94174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           63400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           60500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           56196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           62651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 4227220019000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6              1480681                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6             1480999                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                1008119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1970                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                     29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                 11369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                 11524                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 69194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 69908                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 69836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 69823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 69826                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 69831                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 69848                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 69849                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 69928                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 69861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 69754                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 69743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 69743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 69738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 69735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 69735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples      1338494                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   102.774085                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    87.198726                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    85.533903                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       905337     67.64%     67.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255       354961     26.52%     94.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        55552      4.15%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        12925      0.97%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3626      0.27%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1502      0.11%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          923      0.07%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          937      0.07%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2731      0.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total      1338494                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        69735                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.485108                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    14.113015                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.045351                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-1              4      0.01%      0.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2-3            249      0.36%      0.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4-5            515      0.74%      1.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::6-7            928      1.33%      2.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8-9           2296      3.29%      5.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::10-11         4905      7.03%     12.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12-13        10327     14.81%     27.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::14-15        20130     28.87%     56.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16-17        27539     39.49%     95.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::18-19         1450      2.08%     98.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::20-21          424      0.61%     98.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::22-23          241      0.35%     98.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          191      0.27%     99.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::26-27          162      0.23%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::28-29          115      0.16%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::30-31           85      0.12%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-33           55      0.08%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::34-35           41      0.06%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::36-37           30      0.04%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::38-39           15      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40-41           14      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::42-43            7      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::44-45            6      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::46-47            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        69735                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        69735                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.337435                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.320418                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.767048                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16           58264     83.55%     83.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17              59      0.08%     83.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18           10774     15.45%     99.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19             629      0.90%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20               8      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        69735                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 20144163457                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            39083875957                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                5050590000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    19942.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               38692.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       15.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       17.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    22.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    22.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.27                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  317209                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 493711                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                31.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               43.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   1427304.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   37.73                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              4976067600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy              2715116250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             3915506400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy            3536181360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        276428805120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        636605681040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        1980913176000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          2909090533770                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           687.365560                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3290548116501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF 141156340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 795520675749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              5221669320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy              2849125125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             4040072400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy            3910615200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        276428805120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        648640653345                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        1970356182750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          2911447123260                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           687.922380                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3273104959503                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF 141156340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 812963384247                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    281315840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total         281315840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3    281335680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total      281335680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3      4395560                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total            4395560                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3      4395870                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total           4395870                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     66548662                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             66548662                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     66553356                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            66553356                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    133102018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           133102018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                    4395560                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                   4395870                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                  4395560                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                 4395870                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              70774464                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ              210541376                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               82625024                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys              281315840                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys           281335680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ               3289709                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts              3104852                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            70410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            66989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            71048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            55716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            60551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            61177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            70436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            78317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            98599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            72933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           69106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           82330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           65219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           61218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           56640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           65162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            75918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            73376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            75454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            59570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            67465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            69929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            82132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            85932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8           125019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9           100513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           94674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           97993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           85653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           66518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           59517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           71353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 4227220205000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6              4395560                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6             4395870                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                1103577                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   2255                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                     19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                 13780                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                 13954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 78036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 79025                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 79054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 79051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 79074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 79086                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 79174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 79126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 79095                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 79010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 78937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 78922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 78915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 78906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 78905                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 78904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples      1495231                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   102.592715                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    87.291524                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    83.798971                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1006658     67.32%     67.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255       401893     26.88%     94.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        61951      4.14%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        14733      0.99%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3893      0.26%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1467      0.10%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          944      0.06%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          834      0.06%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2858      0.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total      1495231                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        78904                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.015120                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    13.566229                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.324716                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-1             14      0.02%      0.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2-3            310      0.39%      0.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4-5           1048      1.33%      1.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::6-7           1373      1.74%      3.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8-9           3304      4.19%      7.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::10-11         7835      9.93%     17.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12-13        14442     18.30%     35.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::14-15        21955     27.82%     63.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-17        25934     32.87%     96.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::18-19         1327      1.68%     98.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::20-21          296      0.38%     98.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::22-23          182      0.23%     98.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          155      0.20%     99.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::26-27          167      0.21%     99.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::28-29          167      0.21%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::30-31          123      0.16%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-33           94      0.12%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::34-35           47      0.06%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::36-37           38      0.05%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::38-39           34      0.04%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::40-41           29      0.04%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::42-43           17      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::44-45            7      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::46-47            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::50-51            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::58-59            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        78904                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        78904                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.361857                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.343876                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.788321                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16           64964     82.33%     82.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17              94      0.12%     82.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18           13107     16.61%     99.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19             714      0.90%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20              23      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        78904                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 22225779198                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            42960485448                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                5529255000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    20098.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               38848.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       16.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       19.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    66.55                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    66.55                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.64                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  347890                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 553750                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                31.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               42.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    480834.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   37.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              5419423800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy              2957026875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             4203989400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy            3849722640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        276428805120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        673511400360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        1948539738000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          2914910106195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           688.740620                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3236387940004                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF 141156340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 849679998996                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              5958860040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy              3251362125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             4496450400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy            4578683760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        276428805120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        710368787385                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        1916208696750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          2921291645580                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           690.248463                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3182652732502                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF 141156340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 903412733748                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      8452095726                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    8007026                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     15839517                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             15566525                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                 25268                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     386097                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      1136439                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    15566525                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                        25268                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           31530552                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          12704056                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               40531                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              19662                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             8777692                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            5159424                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      3679520                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    2242547                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   1436973                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              8396883847.378909                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              55211878.621091                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.006532                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.993468                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          1656385                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               160372      1.01%      1.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 11912806     75.21%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   21890      0.14%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    46453      0.29%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  18681      0.12%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 2242547     14.16%     90.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                1436973      9.07%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  15839738                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      8456568238                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    4200508                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      8717825                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              8531846                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3262                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     233511                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       618175                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     8531846                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         3262                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           17387287                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           7016502                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                5319                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               2571                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             4757308                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            2663216                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      2097041                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1301025                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    796016                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              8419312878.604457                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              37255359.395544                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.004405                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.995595                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           927654                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               130578      1.50%      1.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  6427926     73.73%     75.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   17519      0.20%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    42527      0.49%     75.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   2462      0.03%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1301025     14.92%     90.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 796016      9.13%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   8718053                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      8455483708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                 2240440462                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                   3133802109                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses           1366805835                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses            2127688236                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    4885880                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts    125474995                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                  1366805835                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                   2127688236                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads         2749196270                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         829928398                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads          4601246986                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes         2077624177                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           736842438                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          430727184                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                    408784029                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                  353892386                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  54891643                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              43931784.110589                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              8411551923.889411                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.994804                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.005196                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                        163506928                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              2294643      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu               1678049689     53.55%     53.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   80859      0.00%     53.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                   100040      0.00%     53.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd             1044501635     33.33%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead               353892386     11.29%     98.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               54891643      1.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                3133810927                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      8454212538                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    5904542                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     11917382                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             11703868                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                 16079                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     278128                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       888332                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    11703868                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                        16079                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           23488268                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           9559945                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               26099                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              12713                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             6512128                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            3844856                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      2721756                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    1646838                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1074918                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              8403801643.046984                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              50410894.953016                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.005963                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.994037                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1291902                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               142171      1.19%      1.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  8977730     75.33%     76.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   16042      0.13%     76.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    47931      0.40%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                  12016      0.10%     77.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     77.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 1646838     13.82%     90.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1074918      9.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  11917694                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 4715                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                4715                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                7160                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               7160                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               559                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              559                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          264                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          264                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1390                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4928                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1040                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2402                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         6416                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          988                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2734                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2456                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         6246                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2742                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         6226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   24868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          524                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          524                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         2104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          695                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         7705                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1479                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4804                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8377                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1367                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8325                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1371                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8225                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    34736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               167500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              3221479                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             6128000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             3126988                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             3213495                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             3538443                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             3102492                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              779496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             3867000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             5175500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             5026000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             4993000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           26                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       106496                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           26                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  2                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  19                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               47048123                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.002288                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.143421                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    47032624     99.97%     99.97% |        1833      0.00%     99.97% |        2322      0.00%     99.98% |        4998      0.01%     99.99% |        4500      0.01%    100.00% |         248      0.00%    100.00% |         106      0.00%    100.00% |         118      0.00%    100.00% |         842      0.00%    100.00% |         532      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 47048123                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   7629743742                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000378                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  7629742652    100.00%    100.00% |        1090      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   7629743742                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     7629743742                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.233795                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.012858                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         5.505938                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  7628343356     99.98%     99.98% |      780405      0.01%     99.99% |      461838      0.01%    100.00% |       70624      0.00%    100.00% |       66917      0.00%    100.00% |       16316      0.00%    100.00% |        2028      0.00%    100.00% |        2174      0.00%    100.00% |          84      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       7629743742                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   7606219428                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  7606219428    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   7606219428                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     23524314                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    76.827813                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    63.043030                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    64.032661                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    22123928     94.05%     94.05% |      780405      3.32%     97.36% |      461838      1.96%     99.33% |       70624      0.30%     99.63% |       66917      0.28%     99.91% |       16316      0.07%     99.98% |        2028      0.01%     99.99% |        2174      0.01%    100.00% |          84      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     23524314                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr      1678823                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr     21845491                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits     13931634                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses       402975                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses     14334609                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits      7324801                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses       342397                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      7667198                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits   3779151365                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses     10800775                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses   3789952140                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits     10179612                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses       362302                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses     10541914                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.023852                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::2       402975                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Data::2       127036                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4       679590                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       403652                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::2      3223800                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Data::2      9146592                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     48930480                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3229216                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.020225                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::2       342397                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Data::2        71199                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::4       612772                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       341574                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::2      2739176                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Data::2      5126328                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     44119584                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2732592                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.638766                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::2     10800775                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Data::2     10706724                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::4     10894916                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     10800866                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::2     86406200                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Data::2    770884128                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    784433952                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     86406928                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.021420                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::2       362302                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Data::2       105958                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::4       618410                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       362068                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::2      2898416                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Data::2      7628976                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     44525520                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2896544                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.103907                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::2      1952041                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Data::2      1735173                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1           27                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1735244                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          443                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1951974                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::2     15616328                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Data::2    124932456                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1944                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    124937568                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3544                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     15615792                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.202418                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::2      3628552                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Data::2      3399706                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1           23                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3399757                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          439                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3628501                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::2     29028416                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Data::2    244778832                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1656                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    244782504                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3512                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     29028008                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.088858                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::2      1698855                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Data::2      1480584                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1480665                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1698774                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::2     13590840                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Data::2    106602048                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    106607880                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3456                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     13590192                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.261336                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::2      4629001                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Data::2      4395454                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::4      4395544                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      4628911                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::2     37032008                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Data::2    316472688                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    316479168                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3456                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     37031288                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.000012                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1           82                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1746                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5904                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        13968                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        13312                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.136079                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::2     11908449                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Data::2     11010917                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1           82                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4     11908449                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1746                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     11908160                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::2     95267592                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Data::2    792786024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5904                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    857408328                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        13968                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        13312                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     95265280                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        35725347                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Data           33032751                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     35725593                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     35734710                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        285802776                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Data          2378358072                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   2572242696                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    285877680                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.023836                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       402975                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       403652                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     29014200                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3229216                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.023868                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       402975                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2       127036                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       276615                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      3223800                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      9146592                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     19916280                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.020245                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       342397                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       341574                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     24652584                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2732592                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.020206                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       342397                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        71199                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       270375                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      2739176                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      5126328                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     19467000                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.638764                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4     10800775                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     10800866                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    777655800                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     86406928                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.638768                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2     10800775                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2     10706724                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        94141                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2     86406200                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2    770884128                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      6778152                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021425                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       362302                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       362068                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     26085744                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2896544                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.021414                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       362302                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2       105958                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       256108                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      2898416                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      7628976                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     18439776                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.103904                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      1952041                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      1735173                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          443                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     15616328                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    124932456                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3544                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.103909                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           27                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1735244                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1951974                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1944                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    124937568                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     15615792                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.202416                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      3628552                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      3399706                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          439                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     29028416                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    244778832                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3512                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.202420                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           23                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3399757                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3628501                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1656                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    244782504                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     29028008                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.088856                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      1698855                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      1480584                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     13590840                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    106602048                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3456                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.088861                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1480665                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1698774                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    106607880                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     13590192                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.261333                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      4629001                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      4395454                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     37032008                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    316472688                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3456                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.261338                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      4395544                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      4628911                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    316479168                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     37031288                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000014                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           82                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5904                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        13312                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000010                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1746                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        13968                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.023836                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       402975                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       403652                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     29014200                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3229216                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.020245                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       342397                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       341574                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     24652584                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2732592                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     0.638764                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4     10800775                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     10800866                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    777655800                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     86406928                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     0.021425                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4       362302                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       362068                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     26085744                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2896544                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     0.103904                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2      1952041                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2      1735173                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          443                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2     15616328                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2    124932456                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3544                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization     0.202416                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2      3628552                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2      3399706                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          439                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2     29028416                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2    244778832                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization     0.088856                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Control::2      1698855                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Data::2      1480584                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::2     13590840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Data::2    106602048                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3456                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization     0.261333                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Control::2      4629001                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Data::2      4395454                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Control::2     37032008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Data::2    316472688                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3456                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization     0.000014                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1           82                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5904                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        13312                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      23524314                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.000514                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.057571                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    23522266     99.99%     99.99% |         199      0.00%     99.99% |         283      0.00%     99.99% |        1004      0.00%    100.00% |         547      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        23524314                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples      23523809                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.004063                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.194471                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |    23510358     99.94%     99.94% |        1634      0.01%     99.95% |        2039      0.01%     99.96% |        3994      0.02%     99.98% |        3953      0.02%     99.99% |         233      0.00%     99.99% |         106      0.00%     99.99% |         118      0.00%     99.99% |         842      0.00%    100.00% |         532      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total        23523809                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    728048258                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.783110                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.096456                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     15.593606                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   726942467     99.85%     99.85% |      611603      0.08%     99.93% |      366204      0.05%     99.98% |       59647      0.01%     99.99% |       52629      0.01%    100.00% |       12334      0.00%    100.00% |        1596      0.00%    100.00% |        1714      0.00%    100.00% |          64      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     728048258                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    712096886                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   712096886    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    712096886                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     15951372                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    82.384209                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    66.874758                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    67.970558                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    14845581     93.07%     93.07% |      611603      3.83%     96.90% |      366204      2.30%     99.20% |       59647      0.37%     99.57% |       52629      0.33%     99.90% |       12334      0.08%     99.98% |        1596      0.01%     99.99% |        1714      0.01%    100.00% |          64      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     15951372                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    114527755                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.326164                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.053318                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     14.806352                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   114362118     99.86%     99.86% |       84912      0.07%     99.93% |       63242      0.06%     99.98% |        6088      0.01%     99.99% |        8391      0.01%    100.00% |        2398      0.00%    100.00% |         276      0.00%    100.00% |         320      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     114527755                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    113253461                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   113253461    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    113253461                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1274294                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   120.189602                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   106.544370                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.200594                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1108657     87.00%     87.00% |       84912      6.66%     93.67% |       63242      4.96%     98.63% |        6088      0.48%     99.11% |        8391      0.66%     99.76% |        2398      0.19%     99.95% |         276      0.02%     99.97% |         320      0.03%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1274294                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   6785466126                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.047937                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.003569                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.941093                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  6785349657    100.00%    100.00% |       75536      0.00%    100.00% |       29476      0.00%    100.00% |        4378      0.00%    100.00% |        5366      0.00%    100.00% |        1431      0.00%    100.00% |         150      0.00%    100.00% |         122      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   6785466126                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   6779235620                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  6779235620    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   6779235620                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      6230506                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    53.206906                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    48.398847                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    37.153618                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     6114037     98.13%     98.13% |       75536      1.21%     99.34% |       29476      0.47%     99.82% |        4378      0.07%     99.89% |        5366      0.09%     99.97% |        1431      0.02%    100.00% |         150      0.00%    100.00% |         122      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      6230506                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       983053                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     6.439581                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.220946                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    30.742091                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      974485     99.13%     99.13% |        5708      0.58%     99.71% |        2062      0.21%     99.92% |         345      0.04%     99.95% |         333      0.03%     99.99% |         100      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       983053                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       941734                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      941734    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       941734                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        41319                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   130.417362                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   115.522563                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    80.251541                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       32751     79.26%     79.26% |        5708     13.81%     93.08% |        2062      4.99%     98.07% |         345      0.83%     98.90% |         333      0.81%     99.71% |         100      0.24%     99.95% |           6      0.01%     99.97% |          14      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        41319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       359275                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     9.634213                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.409172                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    36.996920                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      355354     98.91%     98.91% |        2646      0.74%     99.65% |         854      0.24%     99.88% |         166      0.05%     99.93% |         198      0.06%     99.98% |          53      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       359275                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       332452                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      332452    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       332452                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        26823                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   116.649144                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    98.915845                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.186233                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       22902     85.38%     85.38% |        2646      9.86%     95.25% |         854      3.18%     98.43% |         166      0.62%     99.05% |         198      0.74%     99.79% |          53      0.20%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           4      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        26823                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       359275                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      359275    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       359275                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       359275                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      359275    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       359275                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1678823                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.947843                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.914871                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.915851                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1678744    100.00%    100.00% |          52      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1678823                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     21845491                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    79.200935                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    64.597848                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    65.848951                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |    20445132     93.59%     93.59% |      780382      3.57%     97.16% |      461837      2.11%     99.28% |       70624      0.32%     99.60% |       66914      0.31%     99.91% |       16316      0.07%     99.98% |        2028      0.01%     99.99% |        2174      0.01%    100.00% |          84      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     21845491                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       289915                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.144994                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.106084                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.214257                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      289885     99.99%     99.99% |          21      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       289915                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     15661457                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    83.055047                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    67.336708                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    68.415407                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |    14555675     92.94%     92.94% |      611596      3.91%     96.84% |      366203      2.34%     99.18% |       59647      0.38%     99.56% |       52628      0.34%     99.90% |       12334      0.08%     99.98% |        1596      0.01%     99.99% |        1714      0.01%    100.00% |          64      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     15661457                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5945                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    47.413961                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    47.370243                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.034537                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2399     40.35%     40.35% |        3535     59.46%     99.81% |          11      0.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5945                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1268349                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   120.530716                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   106.949932                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.210874                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1102712     86.94%     86.94% |       84912      6.69%     93.64% |       63242      4.99%     98.62% |        6088      0.48%     99.10% |        8391      0.66%     99.76% |        2398      0.19%     99.95% |         276      0.02%     99.97% |         320      0.03%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1268349                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1375530                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.902832                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.871308                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.842584                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1375482    100.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1375530                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      4854976                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    55.276324                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    49.139952                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    41.846499                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     4738525     97.60%     97.60% |       75520      1.56%     99.16% |       29476      0.61%     99.76% |        4378      0.09%     99.85% |        5364      0.11%     99.96% |        1431      0.03%     99.99% |         150      0.00%    100.00% |         122      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      4854976                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3032                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.178430                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.170157                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.900616                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2924     96.44%     96.44% |         106      3.50%     99.93% |           2      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3032                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        38287                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   137.167550                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   124.440647                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    79.556997                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       29719     77.62%     77.62% |        5708     14.91%     92.53% |        2062      5.39%     97.92% |         345      0.90%     98.82% |         333      0.87%     99.69% |         100      0.26%     99.95% |           6      0.02%     99.96% |          14      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        38287                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         4401                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.578278                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.550374                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.802226                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3807     86.50%     86.50% |         593     13.47%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         4401                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        22422                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   130.598965                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   115.177592                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.074223                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       18501     82.51%     82.51% |        2646     11.80%     94.31% |         854      3.81%     98.12% |         166      0.74%     98.86% |         198      0.88%     99.75% |          53      0.24%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           4      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        22422                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |     1952141     16.39%     16.39% |     3628725     30.47%     46.86% |     1698969     14.27%     61.13% |     4629107     38.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total     11908942                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |     1735170     15.76%     15.76% |     3399705     30.88%     46.63% |     1480583     13.45%     60.08% |     4395454     39.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total     11010912                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner |           3     60.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner::total            5                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          27     32.93%     32.93% |          23     28.05%     60.98% |          16     19.51%     80.49% |          16     19.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         416     25.00%     25.00% |         416     25.00%     50.00% |         416     25.00%     75.00% |         416     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         1664                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     1735267     15.76%     15.76% |     3399780     30.88%     46.63% |     1480681     13.45%     60.08% |     4395560     39.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total     11011288                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     1735586     15.76%     15.76% |     3400121     30.87%     46.63% |     1480999     13.45%     60.08% |     4395870     39.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total     11012576                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |     1735244     15.76%     15.76% |     3399757     30.88%     46.63% |     1480665     13.45%     60.08% |     4395544     39.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total     11011210                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          23     29.49%     29.49% |          23     29.49%     58.97% |          16     20.51%     79.49% |          16     20.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         416     25.00%     25.00% |         416     25.00%     50.00% |         416     25.00%     75.00% |         416     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         1664                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX  |      216797     24.16%     24.16% |      228795     25.50%     49.66% |      218190     24.32%     73.98% |      233457     26.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX::total       897239                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |     1735166     15.76%     15.76% |     3399705     30.88%     46.63% |     1480583     13.45%     60.08% |     4395454     39.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total     11010908                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner |           3     60.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner::total            5                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX |          99     20.33%     20.33% |         171     35.11%     55.44% |         114     23.41%     78.85% |         103     21.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX::total          487                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     1735244     15.76%     15.76% |     3399757     30.88%     46.63% |     1480665     13.45%     60.08% |     4395544     39.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total     11011210                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           2     33.33%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           3     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |     1735166     15.76%     15.76% |     3399705     30.88%     46.63% |     1480583     13.45%     60.08% |     4395454     39.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total     11010908                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          23     29.49%     29.49% |          23     29.49%     58.97% |          16     20.51%     79.49% |          16     20.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         416     25.00%     25.00% |         416     25.00%     50.00% |         416     25.00%     75.00% |         416     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         1664                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         1664                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            1664                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         1664                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         1664                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     2084208      0.57%      0.57% |     1216067      0.33%      0.90% |   360223869     98.67%     99.57% |     1558564      0.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    365082708                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    10647790      0.00%      0.00% |     5568270      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072789045248    100.00%    100.00% |     7812666      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072813074432                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     1602611      2.72%      2.72% |      882861      1.50%      4.22% |    55267665     93.80%     98.01% |     1170684      1.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     58923821                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |      402975      3.38%      3.38% |      342397      2.88%      6.26% |    10800775     90.70%     96.96% |      362302      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total     11908449                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |      276615     30.83%     30.83% |      270375     30.13%     60.96% |       94141     10.49%     71.46% |      256108     28.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       897239                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |           2     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           2     25.00%     50.00% |           4     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |      160223      1.44%      1.44% |       96947      0.87%      2.31% |    10761831     96.52%     98.83% |      130521      1.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total     11149522                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |      127036      1.15%      1.15% |       71197      0.65%      1.80% |    10706722     97.24%     99.04% |      105957      0.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total     11010912                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           2     40.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      100595      1.25%      1.25% |       79083      0.99%      2.24% |     7751785     96.60%     98.84% |       93236      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      8024699                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      273702      8.58%      8.58% |      249758      7.83%     16.40% |     2415187     75.68%     92.08% |      252740      7.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total      3191387                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       28678      4.14%      4.14% |       13556      1.96%      6.10% |      633803     91.54%     97.64% |       16326      2.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       692363                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement |       33188     23.94%     23.94% |       25748     18.58%     42.52% |       55108     39.76%     82.28% |       24565     17.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement::total       138609                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           2     40.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1983613      0.56%      0.56% |     1136984      0.32%      0.87% |   352472084     98.72%     99.59% |     1465328      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    357058009                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |    10374088      0.00%      0.00% |     5318512      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072786630656    100.00%    100.00% |     7559926      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total 18446744072809881600                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     1573933      2.70%      2.70% |      869305      1.49%      4.20% |    54633862     93.82%     98.02% |     1154358      1.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     58231458                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |      276615     30.83%     30.83% |      270373     30.13%     60.96% |       94139     10.49%     71.46% |      256107     28.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       897234                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |      127035      1.15%      1.15% |       71199      0.65%      1.80% |    10706723     97.24%     99.04% |      105956      0.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total     11010913                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           2     40.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv    |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |      127036      1.15%      1.15% |       71197      0.65%      1.80% |    10706722     97.24%     99.04% |      105957      0.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total     11010912                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |      374297      3.34%      3.34% |      328841      2.93%      6.27% |    10166972     90.65%     96.92% |      345976      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total     11216086                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |       28678      4.14%      4.14% |       13556      1.96%      6.10% |      633803     91.54%     97.64% |       16326      2.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total       692363                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
