
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.809549                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                809548890500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               54321651612001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 105520                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   174745                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              305313473                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1874176                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2651.53                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   279791001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     463341330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     61012352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          61012352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     32646080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       32646080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       953318                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             953318                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       510095                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            510095                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     75365865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             75365865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     40326261                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            40326261                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    115692126                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           115692126                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     953318                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    510095                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   953318                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  510095                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              60958464                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  53888                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               32645248                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               61012352                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            32646080                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   842                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   11                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            61442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            64651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            60576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            60394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            64399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            58549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            57689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            54538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            55365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            56379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           57597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           56074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           62960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           61944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           59323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           60596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            32075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            34236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            31411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            30235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            34083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            32911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            32916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            31767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            31067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            31604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           31165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           31272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           32310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           31204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           31050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           30776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 809548589500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               953318                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              510095                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 950064                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   2410                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                  1030                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                  1068                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 31716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 31762                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 31754                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 31750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 31754                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 31750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 31751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 31753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 31749                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 31752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 31748                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 31753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 31749                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 31748                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 31747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 31747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      1362201                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    68.715052                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    66.847686                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    29.809152                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1284886     94.32%     94.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        74605      5.48%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1175      0.09%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          296      0.02%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          212      0.02%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          272      0.02%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          115      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          102      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          538      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      1362201                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        31747                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     30.002929                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.594406                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-7             31      0.10%      0.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-15             2      0.01%      0.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-23         3062      9.65%      9.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-31        18285     57.60%     67.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-39         9071     28.57%     95.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-47         1055      3.32%     99.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           91      0.29%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           11      0.03%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            7      0.02%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            7      0.02%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            7      0.02%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            6      0.02%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::96-103           10      0.03%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            6      0.02%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::112-119           14      0.04%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::120-127           16      0.05%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-135           13      0.04%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            6      0.02%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::144-151           11      0.03%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::152-159           17      0.05%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            5      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            4      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            3      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::200-207            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::216-223            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::240-247            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        31747                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        31747                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.067093                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.063313                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.362042                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           30678     96.63%     96.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              26      0.08%     96.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            1030      3.24%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              10      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        31747                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 22409534216                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            40268459216                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                4762380000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    23527.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               42277.66                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       75.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       40.33                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    75.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    40.33                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.49                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   41079                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  59278                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                 4.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               11.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    553192.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                    6.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              5218720920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              2847516375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             3787017000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            1683160560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         53373880560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        442082720115                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        102513130500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          611506146030                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           748.317262                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 163362208751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  27032460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 619149529999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              5098252320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              2781784500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             3696693000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            1623726000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         53373880560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        442445720625                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        102194709000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          611214766005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           747.960692                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 163540296500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  27032460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 618971442250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     60816128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          60816128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     32583552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       32583552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       950252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             950252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       509118                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            509118                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     75123478                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             75123478                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     40249023                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            40249023                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    115372501                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           115372501                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     950252                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    509118                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   950252                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  509118                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              60769280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  46848                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               32582976                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               60816128                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            32583552                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   732                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            61731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            62980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            60368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            60257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            64364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            58472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            57418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            54135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            56422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            56928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           57904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           55891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           61616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           61426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           59731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           59877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            32319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            33130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            31316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            30507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            33820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            33065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            32851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            31498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            31787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            31854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           31342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           31324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           31669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           30971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           30998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           30658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 809548975500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               950252                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              509118                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 947255                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   2264                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   924                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 31669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 31716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 31708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 31711                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 31716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 31708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 31710                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 31710                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 31712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 31709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 31711                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 31710                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 31707                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 31707                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 31706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 31705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      1359445                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    68.669388                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    66.823508                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    29.734873                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1282714     94.36%     94.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        74113      5.45%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1155      0.08%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          247      0.02%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          192      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          263      0.02%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          105      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          104      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          552      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      1359445                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        31705                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.948841                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.614635                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-15            33      0.10%      0.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-31        21444     67.64%     67.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-47        10009     31.57%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-63           80      0.25%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-79            9      0.03%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-95           15      0.05%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::96-111           26      0.08%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::112-127           20      0.06%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-143           23      0.07%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::144-159           25      0.08%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::160-175            9      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::176-191            7      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::192-207            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::208-223            2      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-271            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        31705                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        31705                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.057688                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.054444                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.335165                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           30783     97.09%     97.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              27      0.09%     97.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18             883      2.79%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              12      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        31705                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 22444622723                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            40248122723                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                4747600000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    23637.86                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               42387.86                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       75.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       40.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    75.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    40.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.49                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   39771                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  59413                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                 4.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               11.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    554724.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                    6.80                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              5203933560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              2839447875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             3767392200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            1675909440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         53373880560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        442379330730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        102252945750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          611492840115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           748.300979                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 162904724750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  27032460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 619611790750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              5092416000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              2778600000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             3693206400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            1624672080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         53373880560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        442400889555                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        102234034500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          611197699095                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           747.939806                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 163694613752                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  27032460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 618817124998                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     60794944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          60794944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     32540800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       32540800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       949921                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             949921                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       508450                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            508450                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     75097310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             75097310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     40196213                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            40196213                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    115293523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           115293523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     949921                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    508450                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   949921                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  508450                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              60748736                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  46208                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               32540928                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               60794944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            32540800                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   722                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            61821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            64771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            60025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            60093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            63836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            58556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            57848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            53749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            56529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            57409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           57073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           55339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           61702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           61309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           59257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           59882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            32566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            32479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            30786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            30786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            33941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            32958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            33242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            31224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            31681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            31980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           31473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           30952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           31875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           30965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           30856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           30688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 809548666500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               949921                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              508450                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 946814                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   2383                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                   839                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                   884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 31627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 31687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 31675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 31673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 31674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 31673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 31672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 31672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 31674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 31673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 31674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 31671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 31673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 31670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 31669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 31669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples      1358100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean    68.691260                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    66.827276                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    29.813559                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1281704     94.37%     94.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        73617      5.42%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1231      0.09%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511          343      0.03%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          200      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          267      0.02%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895           82      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          109      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          547      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total      1358100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        31669                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.972813                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.438657                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-7             31      0.10%      0.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16-23         3202     10.11%     10.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24-31        18113     57.19%     67.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-39         8973     28.33%     95.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40-47         1117      3.53%     99.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           79      0.25%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           10      0.03%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            9      0.03%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            5      0.02%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            4      0.01%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::88-95           14      0.04%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            9      0.03%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::104-111           13      0.04%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::112-119           16      0.05%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::120-127           16      0.05%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            9      0.03%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::136-143           10      0.03%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::144-151           13      0.04%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            4      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::160-167           11      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            4      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::200-207            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::232-239            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        31669                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        31669                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.055196                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.052076                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.328796                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16           30791     97.23%     97.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17              23      0.07%     97.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18             841      2.66%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19              13      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        31669                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 22370499727                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            40167980977                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                4745995000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    23567.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               42317.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       75.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       40.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    75.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    40.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   40092                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  59457                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                 4.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               11.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    555104.75                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                    6.83                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              5199170760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy              2836849125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             3774849000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy            1672403760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy         53373880560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        441954346995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        102625738500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          611437238700                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           748.232938                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 163465632251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  27032460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 619046688749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              5086942560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy              2775613500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             3683152200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy            1623829680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy         53373880560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        441616298805                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        102922272000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          611081989305                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           747.798209                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 164718019751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  27032460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 617794035999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     60789248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          60789248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     32532800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       32532800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       949832                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             949832                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       508325                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            508325                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     75090274                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             75090274                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     40186331                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            40186331                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    115276605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           115276605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     949832                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    508325                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   949832                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  508325                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              60745920                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  43328                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               32533184                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               60789248                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            32532800                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   677                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            61808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            61413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            60229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            59810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            63936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            58296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            58014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            54238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            56670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            57065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           58117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           55265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           61902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           62355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           59689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           60348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            32014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            32170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            31011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            30136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            34094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            32935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            33114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            31592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            31657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            31878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           31595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           31338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           31736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           31319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           30939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           30803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 809554082500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               949832                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              508325                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 946905                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   2249                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                   821                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                   854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 31630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 31676                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 31672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 31666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 31669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 31672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 31668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 31667                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 31668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 31665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 31666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 31668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 31667                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 31668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 31664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 31664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples      1359540                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean    68.610689                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    66.796543                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    29.479346                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1283225     94.39%     94.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        74038      5.45%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383          811      0.06%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511          266      0.02%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          187      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          247      0.02%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          113      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          111      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          542      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total      1359540                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        31664                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.977861                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.420838                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-7             30      0.09%      0.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8-15             2      0.01%      0.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-23         3152      9.95%     10.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24-31        18238     57.60%     67.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-39         8900     28.11%     95.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::40-47         1095      3.46%     99.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           85      0.27%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           12      0.04%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::64-71            7      0.02%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            3      0.01%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::80-87           13      0.04%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::88-95           11      0.03%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::96-103           14      0.04%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::104-111           17      0.05%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::112-119           21      0.07%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::120-127           10      0.03%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-135           10      0.03%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            9      0.03%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::144-151           10      0.03%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            6      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            7      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            3      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            4      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::200-207            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::216-223            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::224-231            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        31664                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        31664                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.053910                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.050820                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.327834                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16           30810     97.30%     97.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17              22      0.07%     97.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18             819      2.59%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19              11      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::23               2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        31664                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 22484195722                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            40280851972                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                4745775000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    23688.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               42438.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       75.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       40.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    75.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    40.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   38377                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  59567                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                 4.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               11.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    555189.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                    6.72                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              5186621160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy              2830001625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             3751714200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy            1666416240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy         53373880560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        441699220125                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        102849534000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          611357387910                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           748.135222                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 163951867251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  27032460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 618560577999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              5110083720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy              2788240125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             3705920400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy            1628942400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy         53373880560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        442572077655                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        102083869500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          611263014360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           748.019734                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 163340469251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  27032460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 619171269499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      1619054045                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1361377                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2846689                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              2799507                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    68                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      75654                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       235417                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     2799507                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           68                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            5431639                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           2289145                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  70                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                 62                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             1758365                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             952879                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       575007                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     357187                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    217820                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              1610591963.616792                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              8462081.383208                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.005227                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.994773                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           334190                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                30783      1.08%      1.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  2230884     78.35%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    3879      0.14%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                     6673      0.23%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                     24      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  357187     12.54%     92.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 217820      7.65%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   2847250                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      1617109881                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    3708010                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      7271850                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              7157080                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1928                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     171805                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       652151                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     7157080                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         1928                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           14029311                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           5815453                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                3235                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               1535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             4726615                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            2575400                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1520850                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                     995778                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    525072                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              1598433118.220324                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              18676762.779676                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.011549                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.988451                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           861416                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                35454      0.49%      0.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  5699873     78.38%     78.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    8266      0.11%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                     6054      0.08%     79.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   1446      0.02%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                  995778     13.69%     92.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 525072      7.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   7271943                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      1623801848                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  269312001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                    442632355                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses            346605267                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses             109594681                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    5376178                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts     16429278                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                   346605267                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                    109594681                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads          737216245                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         276112311                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads           204618310                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes          105641720                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           177515166                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          152804647                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     92894900                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   73865499                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  19029401                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              17535291.805334                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              1606266556.194666                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.989201                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.010799                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                         26501520                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              3912921      0.88%      0.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                254808206     57.57%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    2807      0.00%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                      490      0.00%     58.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd               91015565     20.56%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                73865499     16.69%     95.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               19029401      4.30%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                 442634889                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      1621035451                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    2184011                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      4384355                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              4271729                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                   372                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      91048                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       378931                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     4271729                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                          372                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads            8237455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           3495728                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                 596                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                261                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             2782185                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            1676327                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                       855709                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     529576                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    326133                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              1608422468.365423                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              12612982.634577                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.007781                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.992219                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           501870                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                34340      0.78%      0.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  3479786     79.37%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    4008      0.09%     80.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    10357      0.24%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                    244      0.01%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  529576     12.08%     92.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 326133      7.44%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   4384444                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  554                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 554                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1824                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1824                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                75                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               75                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          456                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    4906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           60                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           60                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           87                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1403                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          916                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1374                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          370                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          924                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1326                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          350                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1303                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5654                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              2369500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                20497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              113500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              556983                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              552982                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy              674770                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              570984                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              103941                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              957000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              863000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy              783000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages          886                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      3629056                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs          886                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           37                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       151552                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           37                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               44733085                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.453513                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 1.848493                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    42204243     94.35%     94.35% |        7504      0.02%     94.36% |     2520150      5.63%    100.00% |         327      0.00%    100.00% |         836      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 44733085                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    486285151                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000674                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   486284930    100.00%    100.00% |         221      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    486285151                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      486285151                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          2.374673                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.063419                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        15.375859                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   486093732     99.96%     99.96% |      147595      0.03%     99.99% |       42535      0.01%    100.00% |        1130      0.00%    100.00% |         158      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        486285151                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    478747948                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   478747948    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    478747948                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      7537203                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    89.691111                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    52.835432                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    86.654258                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     7345784     97.46%     97.46% |      147595      1.96%     99.42% |       42535      0.56%     99.98% |        1130      0.01%    100.00% |         158      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      7537203                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       558094                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        23035                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       581129                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      1719817                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        32302                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1752119                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1464945                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        57981                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1522926                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      4702156                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        39719                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4741875                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits    104499321                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses      7264058                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    111763379                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits    362159801                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        41665                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses    362201466                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits       815800                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        42125                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       857925                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      2828014                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        36318                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      2864332                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      3778666                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      3758537                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      7537203                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            43                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.012267                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::0        55337                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2        37888                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::1        61295                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::1        39002                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2        20939                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3463                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         6298                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1781                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::0       442696                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       303104                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4413240                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       312016                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       167512                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       249336                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       453456                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        14248                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.023714                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::0        97700                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::2        37324                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::1       103758                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::1        69978                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::2        54577                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        30711                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         6341                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         8917                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::0       781600                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       298592                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7470576                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       559824                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       436616                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2211192                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       456552                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        71336                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     1.766402                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::0      7305723                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2        30729                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::1      7306692                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::1      7242756                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2      7214689                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2454018                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          290                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4756237                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::0     58445784                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       245832                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    526081824                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     57942048                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     57717512                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    176689296                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        20880                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     38049896                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.018154                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::0        78443                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::2        38189                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::1        81833                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::1        54968                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2        39038                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        18710                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         6273                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3736                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::0       627544                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       305512                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5891976                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       439744                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       312304                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1347120                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       451656                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        29888                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     2.761392                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0     11283637                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2        93419                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1     13310391                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1     12833148                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2      7329243                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2506902                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        19202                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4770671                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0     90269096                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       747352                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    958348152                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    102665184                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     58633944                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    180496944                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1382544                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     38165368                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.239153                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0       938999                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1463159                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1365433                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        15009                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          592                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0      7511992                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    105347448                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     10923464                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       120072                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4736                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.238461                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0       936009                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1459082                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1360428                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14897                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          592                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0      7488072                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    105053904                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     10883424                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       119176                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4736                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.238317                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0       935736                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1458069                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1360549                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14824                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          592                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0      7485888                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    104980968                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     10884392                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       118592                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4736                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.238284                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0       935690                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1457846                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1360524                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14775                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          592                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0      7485520                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    104964912                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     10884192                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       118200                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4736                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.008895                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57137                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59505                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2368                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4113864                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       476040                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        18944                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.504166                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0     11283637                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2       144130                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1     13379631                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1     12843393                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2      7329243                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2506902                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        19202                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4830176                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2368                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0     90269096                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1153040                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    963333432                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    102747144                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     58633944                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    180496944                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1382544                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     38641408                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        18944                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        33850911                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       381679                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     40138893                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     60517908                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      7578312                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     14497632                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        270807288                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      3053432                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   2890000296                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    484143264                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    545638464                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    115981056                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.016341                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        37888                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        53295                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        11598                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       303104                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3837240                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        92784                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.008193                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        55337                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         8000                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        27404                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        20939                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3463                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         6298                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1781                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       442696                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       576000                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       219232                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       167512                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       249336                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       453456                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        14248                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.029234                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        37324                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        96255                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        43042                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       298592                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6930360                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       344336                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.018193                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        97700                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         7503                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        26936                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        54577                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        30711                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         6341                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         8917                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       781600                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       540216                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       215488                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       436616                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2211192                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       456552                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        71336                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     2.253865                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        30729                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      7304478                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      7213541                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       245832                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    525922416                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     57708328                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     1.278939                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      7305723                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         2214                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29215                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      7214689                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2454018                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          290                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4756237                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     58445784                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       159408                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       233720                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     57717512                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    176689296                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        20880                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     38049896                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.023405                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        38189                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        77114                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        25698                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       305512                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5552208                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       205584                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.012902                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        78443                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4719                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29270                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        39038                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        18710                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         6273                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3736                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       627544                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       339768                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       234160                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       312304                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1347120                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       451656                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        29888                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     2.471342                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      7537203                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3756767                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3843946                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      7329243                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2506902                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        19202                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4770671                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     60297624                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    270487224                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     30751568                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     58633944                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    180496944                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1382544                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     38165368                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     3.051442                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      3746434                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        93419                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      9553624                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      8989202                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     29971472                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       747352                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    687860928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     71913616                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.184343                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       938999                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       509743                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       427676                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        15009                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      7511992                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     36701496                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3421408                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       120072                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.293963                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       953416                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       937757                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          592                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     68645952                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7502056                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4736                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.183914                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       936009                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       508768                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       425678                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14897                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      7488072                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     36631296                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3405424                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       119176                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.293008                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       950314                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       934750                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          592                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     68422608                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7478000                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4736                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.183730                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       935736                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       508101                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       426079                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14824                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      7485888                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     36583272                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3408632                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       118592                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.292903                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       949968                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       934470                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          592                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     68397696                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7475760                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4736                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.183694                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       935690                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       507973                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       426135                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14775                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      7485520                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     36574056                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3409080                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       118200                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.292874                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       949873                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       934389                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          592                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     68390856                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      7475112                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4736                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.015953                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57137                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2368                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4113864                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        18944                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001838                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59505                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       476040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.016341                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        37888                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        53295                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        11598                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       303104                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3837240                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        92784                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.029234                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        37324                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        96255                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        43042                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       298592                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6930360                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       344336                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.link_utilization     2.253865                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        30729                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::1      7304478                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::1      7213541                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       245832                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    525922416                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     57708328                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.link_utilization     0.023405                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        38189                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::1        77114                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::1        25698                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       305512                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5552208                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       205584                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.link_utilization     2.471342                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0      7537203                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3756767                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1      3843946                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2      7329243                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2506902                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        19202                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4770671                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0     60297624                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    270487224                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     30751568                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     58633944                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    180496944                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1382544                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     38165368                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.link_utilization     0.184343                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Control::0       938999                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1       509743                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1       427676                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        15009                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::0      7511992                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     36701496                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3421408                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       120072                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.link_utilization     0.183914                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Control::0       936009                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1       508768                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1       425678                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14897                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::0      7488072                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     36631296                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3405424                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       119176                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.link_utilization     0.183730                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Control::0       935736                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1       508101                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1       426079                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14824                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Control::0      7485888                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     36583272                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3408632                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       118592                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.link_utilization     0.183694                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0       935690                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1       507973                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1       426135                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14775                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0      7485520                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     36574056                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3409080                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       118200                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.link_utilization     0.015953                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57137                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2368                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4113864                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        18944                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle10.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      22144019                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         0.907529                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        2.538454                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    19633463     88.66%     88.66% |        2381      0.01%     88.67% |     2507074     11.32%    100.00% |         291      0.00%    100.00% |         785      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        22144019                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      22444936                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.008497                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.223387                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    22397745     99.79%     99.79% |       28905      0.13%     99.92% |        2008      0.01%     99.93% |        3115      0.01%     99.94% |       12939      0.06%    100.00% |         137      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        22444936                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        144130                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000028                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.007450                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      144128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          144130                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     89348489                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       4.774912                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.228029                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     24.360613                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    89260092     99.90%     99.90% |       67842      0.08%     99.98% |       19912      0.02%    100.00% |         553      0.00%    100.00% |          89      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      89348489                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     84312161                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    84312161    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     84312161                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5036328                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    67.969962                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    38.250114                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    79.346848                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     4947931     98.24%     98.24% |       67842      1.35%     99.59% |       19912      0.40%     99.99% |         553      0.01%    100.00% |          89      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      5036328                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     14990640                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.200803                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.009132                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      5.789975                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    14980257     99.93%     99.93% |        9550      0.06%     99.99% |         314      0.00%    100.00% |         282      0.00%    100.00% |         172      0.00%    100.00% |          58      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      14990640                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     14957254                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14957254    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     14957254                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        33386                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    91.162343                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    59.239273                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    83.316151                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |       23003     68.90%     68.90% |        9550     28.60%     97.50% |         314      0.94%     98.45% |         282      0.84%     99.29% |         172      0.52%     99.81% |          58      0.17%     99.98% |           3      0.01%     99.99% |           4      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        33386                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    371559792                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.022035                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001388                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.823359                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   371528191     99.99%     99.99% |       29472      0.01%    100.00% |        1070      0.00%    100.00% |         565      0.00%    100.00% |         351      0.00%    100.00% |         132      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    371559792                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    371409788                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   371409788    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    371409788                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       150004                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    55.580945                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    31.081210                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.507120                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      118403     78.93%     78.93% |       29472     19.65%     98.58% |        1070      0.71%     99.29% |         565      0.38%     99.67% |         351      0.23%     99.90% |         132      0.09%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |          10      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       150004                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       174548                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     6.791163                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.281717                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    30.741468                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      170993     97.96%     97.96% |        3262      1.87%     99.83% |         121      0.07%     99.90% |          92      0.05%     99.95% |          61      0.03%     99.99% |          18      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       174548                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       164280                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      164280    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       164280                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        10268                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    99.445267                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    67.979772                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    83.331469                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        6713     65.38%     65.38% |        3262     31.77%     97.15% |         121      1.18%     98.32% |          92      0.90%     99.22% |          61      0.59%     99.81% |          18      0.18%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        10268                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      5105841                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    63.475870                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     8.378363                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    88.233995                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |     3216390     62.99%     62.99% |     1789684     35.05%     98.05% |       47279      0.93%     98.97% |       30030      0.59%     99.56% |       15716      0.31%     99.87% |        6115      0.12%     99.99% |          21      0.00%     99.99% |         537      0.01%    100.00% |          69      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      5105841                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2798624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2798624    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      2798624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2307217                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   139.258281                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   110.392404                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    82.164975                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      417766     18.11%     18.11% |     1789684     77.57%     95.68% |       47279      2.05%     97.73% |       30030      1.30%     99.03% |       15716      0.68%     99.71% |        6115      0.27%     99.97% |          21      0.00%     99.97% |         537      0.02%    100.00% |          69      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2307217                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples      5105841                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5105841    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total      5105841                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5105841                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5105841    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      5105841                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      938999     25.06%     25.06% |      936009     24.98%     50.05% |      935736     24.98%     75.02% |      935690     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      3746434                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      509743     25.05%     25.05% |      508768     25.01%     50.06% |      508101     24.97%     75.03% |      507973     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      2034585                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      953318     25.07%     25.07% |      950252     24.98%     50.05% |      949921     24.98%     75.03% |      949832     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      3803323                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      510095     25.05%     25.05% |      509118     25.01%     50.06% |      508450     24.97%     75.03% |      508325     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      2035988                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       14417     25.23%     25.23% |       14305     25.04%     50.27% |       14232     24.91%     75.18% |       14183     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        57137                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         592     25.00%     25.00% |         592     25.00%     50.00% |         592     25.00%     75.00% |         592     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2368                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      427676     25.08%     25.08% |      425678     24.96%     50.03% |      426079     24.98%     75.02% |      426135     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      1705568                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      938999     25.06%     25.06% |      936009     24.98%     50.05% |      935736     24.98%     75.02% |      935690     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      3746434                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |       14319     25.17%     25.17% |       14243     25.04%     50.21% |       14185     24.93%     75.14% |       14142     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        56889                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         352     25.09%     25.09% |         350     24.95%     50.04% |         349     24.88%     74.91% |         352     25.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         1403                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |       14319     25.17%     25.17% |       14243     25.04%     50.21% |       14185     24.93%     75.14% |       14142     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total        56889                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         352     25.09%     25.09% |         350     24.95%     50.04% |         349     24.88%     74.91% |         352     25.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         1403                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      509405     25.05%     25.05% |      508464     25.01%     50.06% |      507811     24.97%     75.03% |      507692     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      2033372                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          98     39.52%     39.52% |          62     25.00%     64.52% |          47     18.95%     83.47% |          41     16.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          248                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         240     24.87%     24.87% |         242     25.08%     49.95% |         243     25.18%     75.13% |         240     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          965                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      427676     25.08%     25.08% |      425678     24.96%     50.03% |      426079     24.98%     75.02% |      426135     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      1705568                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      938999     25.06%     25.06% |      936009     24.98%     50.05% |      935736     24.98%     75.02% |      935690     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      3746434                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      509405     25.05%     25.05% |      508464     25.01%     50.06% |      507811     24.97%     75.03% |      507692     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      2033372                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          98     39.52%     39.52% |          62     25.00%     64.52% |          47     18.95%     83.47% |          41     16.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total          248                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          98     39.52%     39.52% |          62     25.00%     64.52% |          47     18.95%     83.47% |          41     16.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          248                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         240     24.87%     24.87% |         242     25.08%     49.95% |         243     25.18%     75.13% |         240     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          965                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         240     24.87%     24.87% |         242     25.08%     49.95% |         243     25.18%     75.13% |         240     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          965                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       57137    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        57137                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2368                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       57137    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          57137                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2368                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       57137    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        57137                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2368                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       57137    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        57137                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2368                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      336630      0.38%      0.38% |      916959      1.03%      1.40% |    87628861     98.08%     99.48% |      466039      0.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     89348489                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     1752119      0.47%      0.47% |     4741875      1.28%      1.75% |   362201466     97.48%     99.23% |     2864332      0.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    371559792                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      244499      0.96%      0.96% |      605967      2.39%      3.35% |    24134518     95.10%     98.46% |      391886      1.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     25376870                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       33702     25.53%     25.53% |       33277     25.20%     50.73% |       29505     22.35%     73.08% |       35543     26.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       132027                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       26132      0.35%      0.35% |       73131      0.98%      1.34% |     7282827     97.98%     99.32% |       50840      0.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      7432930                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         372     21.02%     21.02% |         591     33.39%     54.41% |         234     13.22%     67.63% |         573     32.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         1770                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        3814     36.91%     36.91% |        3456     33.45%     70.36% |         990      9.58%     79.94% |        2073     20.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        10333                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |          83     18.95%     18.95% |          58     13.24%     32.19% |         165     37.67%     69.86% |         132     30.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total          438                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       10569      0.21%      0.21% |       36127      0.73%      0.94% |     4899170     98.61%     99.55% |       22173      0.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      4968039                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        2259     21.86%     21.86% |        1979     19.15%     41.01% |        2166     20.96%     61.98% |        3929     38.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        10333                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       40384      1.58%      1.58% |       58091      2.28%      3.86% |     2402977     94.15%     98.01% |       50880      1.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      2552332                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        4229     43.12%     43.12% |        1911     19.49%     62.61% |        1876     19.13%     81.74% |        1791     18.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total         9807                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        2125     32.70%     32.70% |        1503     23.13%     55.82% |        1410     21.70%     77.52% |        1461     22.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         6499                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |        5244      0.07%      0.07% |       39628      0.54%      0.62% |     7210255     99.07%     99.69% |       22446      0.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      7277573                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |        8110      0.16%      0.16% |       34414      0.69%      0.85% |     4950059     98.72%     99.57% |       21600      0.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      5014183                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |       16771     19.03%     19.03% |       27922     31.68%     50.70% |       21322     24.19%     74.89% |       22131     25.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total        88146                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |        1424      0.06%      0.06% |       10795      0.46%      0.52% |     2312015     99.17%     99.70% |        7109      0.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      2331343                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |        3005     14.69%     14.69% |        5873     28.71%     43.40% |        6109     29.86%     73.26% |        5470     26.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        20457                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        6814     30.77%     30.77% |        7096     32.04%     62.81% |         646      2.92%     65.73% |        7589     34.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        22145                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       15531     25.11%     25.11% |       11797     19.07%     44.18% |       20343     32.89%     77.07% |       14187     22.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        61858                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        4645     34.49%     34.49% |        4231     31.42%     65.91% |          93      0.69%     66.60% |        4498     33.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total        13467                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        3549     23.40%     23.40% |        4572     30.15%     53.55% |        2386     15.73%     69.28% |        4659     30.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        15166                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       58509      3.34%      3.34% |       76942      4.39%      7.72% |     1547557     88.25%     95.97% |       70610      4.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      1753618                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     1719817      0.46%      0.46% |     4702156      1.27%      1.73% |   362159801     97.51%     99.24% |     2828014      0.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    371409788                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        2042     33.69%     33.69% |        1445     23.84%     57.53% |        1245     20.54%     78.07% |        1329     21.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         6061                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |       21262     25.81%     25.81% |       18068     21.93%     47.75% |       22573     27.40%     75.15% |       20468     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        82371                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       17339     12.37%     12.37% |       28931     20.64%     33.00% |       70186     50.06%     83.07% |       23735     16.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       140191                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |       32945      0.05%      0.05% |      169970      0.26%      0.31% |    65540336     99.57%     99.88% |       79402      0.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     65822653                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |        4076      2.24%      2.24% |       22431     12.33%     14.57% |      141835     77.98%     92.55% |       13555      7.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       181897                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        3137     31.38%     31.38% |        2995     29.96%     61.34% |         533      5.33%     66.67% |        3332     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         9997                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |        1781      0.04%      0.04% |        8917      0.19%      0.22% |     4756237     99.70%     99.92% |        3736      0.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      4770671                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |          74     12.89%     12.89% |         248     43.21%     56.10% |          18      3.14%     59.23% |         234     40.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total          574                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |        1498     30.67%     30.67% |        1960     40.13%     70.80% |         533     10.91%     81.72% |         893     18.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         4884                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      230252      1.38%      1.38% |      628537      3.76%      5.13% |    15590263     93.15%     98.29% |      286838      1.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     16735890                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      232312      1.02%      1.02% |      567065      2.48%      3.50% |    21679330     94.90%     98.40% |      365395      1.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     22844102                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        6298     32.80%     32.80% |        6341     33.02%     65.82% |         290      1.51%     67.33% |        6273     32.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        19202                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |        3463      0.14%      0.14% |       30711      1.23%      1.36% |     2454018     97.89%     99.25% |       18710      0.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      2506902                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         298     24.92%     24.92% |         343     28.68%     53.60% |         216     18.06%     71.66% |         339     28.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         1196                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        2316     42.50%     42.50% |        1496     27.45%     69.96% |         457      8.39%     78.34% |        1180     21.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         5449                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       10569      0.21%      0.21% |       36127      0.73%      0.94% |     4899170     98.61%     99.55% |       22173      0.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      4968039                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        2259     21.86%     21.86% |        1979     19.15%     41.01% |        2166     20.96%     61.98% |        3929     38.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        10333                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       34398     16.54%     16.54% |       43123     20.74%     37.28% |       91034     43.77%     81.05% |       39405     18.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       207960                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |          83     18.95%     18.95% |          58     13.24%     32.19% |         165     37.67%     69.86% |         132     30.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total          438                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |        5986      0.26%      0.26% |       14968      0.64%      0.89% |     2311943     98.62%     99.51% |       11475      0.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      2344372                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        4229     43.12%     43.12% |        1911     19.49%     62.61% |        1876     19.13%     81.74% |        1791     18.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         9807                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        2125     32.70%     32.70% |        1503     23.13%     55.82% |        1410     21.70%     77.52% |        1461     22.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total         6499                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |        5244      0.07%      0.07% |       39628      0.54%      0.62% |     7210255     99.07%     99.69% |       22446      0.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      7277573                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR       150004      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        5036353      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        2344810      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE         6061      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        7277573      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      2016004      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean      1722936      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       3746434      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        3740153      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          24651      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean         4884      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              46965      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all          55615      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          10333      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      7318910      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv           2426      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR        41811      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      1738177      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      1966446      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR       108185      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS        57956      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX          438      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE         6061      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement         1075      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean        44543      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR            8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      3229862      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       376156      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement      2012956      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean      1651368      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv         1012      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        10333      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         1770      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      7277573      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         1973      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        27025      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv          201      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      3740153      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv         1012      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data         1834      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all          340      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv          201      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data        17368      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all         9657      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          45753      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all        44543      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack           1212      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all         1075      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data      1738177      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data        41811      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data      1966446      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           16      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock         6499      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      7312411      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         5428      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean         4864      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           41      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data           21      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean           20      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        10292      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.312275                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1312274820500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               54824377542001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  94789                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   166664                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              321381497                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2102528                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4083.23                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   387045148                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     680528297                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    119797312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         119797312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     65660288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       65660288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1871833                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            1871833                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1025942                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           1025942                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     91289805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             91289805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     50035470                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            50035470                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    141325275                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           141325275                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    1871833                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   1025942                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  1871833                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 1025942                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             119709696                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  87616                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               65659712                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              119797312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            65660288                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                  1369                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   14                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           120394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           125980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           117767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           116668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           123592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           115569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           115138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           110287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           111810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           112163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          112857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          110972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          121318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          120218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          116743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          118988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            64839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            68361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            63620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            61405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            67325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            65744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            65624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            63730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            63293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            63627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           62931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           62773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           64441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           62811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           62680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           62729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1312274743000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              1871833                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             1025942                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                1866522                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   3938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                  1812                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                  1871                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 63807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 63910                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 63902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 63896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 63898                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 63897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 63893                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 63901                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 63892                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 63898                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 63890                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 63897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 63893                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 63891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 63888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 63888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      2639318                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    70.233829                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    67.769612                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    33.059194                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2446439     92.69%     92.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       183255      6.94%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5199      0.20%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1620      0.06%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          819      0.03%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          505      0.02%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          237      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          190      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1054      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      2639318                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        63888                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.277955                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.848124                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        63882     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        63888                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        63888                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.058305                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.055021                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.337284                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           62016     97.07%     97.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              38      0.06%     97.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            1820      2.85%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              11      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        63888                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 44155083194                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            79226283194                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                9352320000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    23606.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               42356.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       91.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       50.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    91.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    50.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  139507                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 117572                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                 7.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               11.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    452855.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                    8.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy             10088918280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              5504866125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             7399641600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            3374531280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         86209565520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        734620497300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        147537255750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          994735275855                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           753.643282                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 236530979253                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  43819620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1031920616997                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              9883059480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              5392542375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             7244374800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            3275069760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         86209565520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        735150997440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        147071904750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          994227514125                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           753.258585                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 236463112500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  43819620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 1031988483750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    119404224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         119404224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     65454144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       65454144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1865691                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            1865691                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1022721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           1022721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     90990258                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             90990258                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     49878381                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            49878381                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    140868639                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           140868639                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    1865691                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   1022721                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  1865691                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 1022721                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             119327808                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  76416                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               65453824                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              119404224                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            65454144                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                  1194                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           120929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           122647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           117021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           116241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           123414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           115661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           114659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           109882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           112750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           112794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          112915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11          111047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          119524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          119487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          117259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          118267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            65147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            66122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            63067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            61349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            67040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            65844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            65400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            63446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            63943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            63751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           63295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           62946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           63572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           62577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           62699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           62518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1312267971500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              1865691                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             1022721                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                1860910                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   3586                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                  1585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                  1651                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 63626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 63736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 63729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 63728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 63732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 63720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 63725                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 63721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 63726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 63721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 63723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 63726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 63720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 63720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 63715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 63715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      2631988                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    70.206132                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    67.750830                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    33.068648                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2440564     92.73%     92.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       181838      6.91%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5257      0.20%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1549      0.06%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          801      0.03%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          475      0.02%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          230      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          197      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1077      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      2631988                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        63715                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.263392                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.225974                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        63709     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        63715                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        63715                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.051416                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.048528                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.316232                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           62059     97.40%     97.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              48      0.08%     97.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            1596      2.50%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              12      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        63715                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 44175588945                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            79134907695                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                9322485000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    23693.03                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               42443.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       90.93                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       49.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    90.99                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    49.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  137222                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 118004                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                 7.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               11.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    454321.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                    8.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy             10048434480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              5482776750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             7361086200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            3353639760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         86209565520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        734760554850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        147414398250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          994630455810                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           753.563867                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 236297681000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  43819620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1032152303000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              9868340160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              5384511000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             7236340800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            3275115120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         86209565520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        735153498315                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        147069711000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          994197081915                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           753.235529                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 236547638253                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  43819620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 1031903957997                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    119442496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total         119442496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     65352960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       65352960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1866289                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total            1866289                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1021140                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total           1021140                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     91019422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             91019422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     49801276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            49801276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    140820698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           140820698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                    1866289                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                   1021140                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                  1866289                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                 1021140                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM             119363648                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  78848                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               65352320                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys              119442496                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            65352960                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                  1232                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0           121265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1           125676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2           116774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3           116157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4           122964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5           115480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6           115148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7           109179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8           112899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9           113585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10          112045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11          110111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12          119784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13          119123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14          116924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15          117943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            65451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            64863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            62217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            61750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            67258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            65607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            66014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            63106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            63858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            64171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           63192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           62198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           64063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           62359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           62626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           62397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 1312270546500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6              1866289                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6             1021140                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                1861148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   3907                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                  1567                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                  1644                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 63513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 63638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 63631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 63629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 63627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 63626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 63628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 63628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 63633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 63629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 63632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 63626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 63625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 63624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 63618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 63618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples      2630349                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean    70.224890                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    67.755938                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    33.147836                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2439186     92.73%     92.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255       181374      6.90%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5324      0.20%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1697      0.06%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          799      0.03%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          492      0.02%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          204      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          192      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1081      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total      2630349                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        63618                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.316388                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    30.538073                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        63612     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        63618                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        63618                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.050960                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.048078                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.315956                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16           61991     97.44%     97.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17              33      0.05%     97.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18            1574      2.47%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19              19      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        63618                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 44132627945                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            79102446695                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                9325285000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    23662.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               42412.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       90.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       49.80                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    91.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    49.80                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  137548                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 118289                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                 7.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               11.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    454477.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                    8.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy             10040965200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy              5478701250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             7378012200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy            3346084080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy         86209565520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        734173730730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        147929156250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          994556215230                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           753.507620                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 237099835752                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  43819620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1031351510748                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              9863350560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy              5381788500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             7223689200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy            3272302800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy         86209565520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        734042628450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        148044158250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          994037483280                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           753.114612                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 238049554502                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  43819620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 1030402041748                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    119429056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total         119429056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     65362048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       65362048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1866079                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total            1866079                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1021282                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total           1021282                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     91009180                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             91009180                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     49808201                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            49808201                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    140817381                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           140817381                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                    1866079                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                   1021282                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                  1866079                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                 1021282                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM             119354240                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  74816                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               65361856                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys              119429056                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            65362048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                  1169                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0           121208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1           119987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2           116803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3           115881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4           123158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5           115293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6           115487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7           109782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8           113481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9           113280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10          113471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11          109870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12          120635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13          120746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14          117264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15          118564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            64556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            64546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            62463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            61079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            67410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            65530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            65845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            63506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            63812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            64121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           63542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           62809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           64135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           62826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           62522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           62577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 1312276233500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6              1866079                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6             1021282                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                1861402                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   3506                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                  1458                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                  1519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 63567                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 63660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 63658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 63647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 63648                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 63659                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 63649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 63647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 63650                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 63646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 63647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 63647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 63647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 63648                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 63641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 63641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples      2632832                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean    70.158661                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    67.731344                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    32.884682                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2441650     92.74%     92.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255       182237      6.92%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4628      0.18%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1514      0.06%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          834      0.03%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          453      0.02%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          251      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          200      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1065      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total      2632832                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        63641                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.304395                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    28.049282                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        63636     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        63641                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        63641                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.047501                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.044797                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.306370                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16           62121     97.61%     97.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17              41      0.06%     97.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18            1463      2.30%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19              14      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::23               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        63641                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 44226292196                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            79193354696                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                9324550000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    23714.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               42464.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       90.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       49.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    91.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    49.81                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  134838                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 118517                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                 7.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               11.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    454489.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                    8.78                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy             10020651480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy              5467617375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             7338591000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy            3337407360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy         86209565520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        734299222500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        147819075750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          994492130985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           753.459067                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 237031063252                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  43819620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1031420532998                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              9902148480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy              5402958000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             7261940400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy            3281854320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy         86209565520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        735094075815                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        147121836000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          994274378535                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           753.294091                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 236530934002                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  43819620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 1031920662248                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2620500861                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2202683                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      4551488                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              4468096                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  7520                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     122850                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       348713                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     4468096                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         7520                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            8873516                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           3639104                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               12382                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               6034                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             2632350                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            1452455                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      1001827                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     614138                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    387689                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2605552559.759060                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              14948301.240940                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.005704                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.994296                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           511934                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                52669      1.16%      1.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  3473644     76.31%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    6191      0.14%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    12101      0.27%     77.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   5736      0.13%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  614138     13.49%     91.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 387689      8.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   4552168                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2623009336                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  106718652                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    216235383                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            202322518                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses              11018189                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    3580100                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     16972685                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   202322518                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                     11018189                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          398096496                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         162074227                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads            21530550                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes           10914231                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           119217545                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           67692352                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     42893599                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   29651844                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  13241755                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              1610929541.804910                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              1012079794.195090                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.385847                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.614153                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         24925760                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               529106      0.24%      0.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                162363368     75.08%     75.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   34598      0.02%     75.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    10567      0.00%     75.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd               10413980      4.82%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     64      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                29651844     13.71%     93.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               13241755      6.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 216245282                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      2630366052                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  271398110                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                    446600202                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses            350512661                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses             109615224                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    5462191                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts     16720164                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                   350512661                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                    109615224                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads          745244928                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         279192488                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads           204651201                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes          105657743                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           179563730                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          153934422                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     93905089                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   74443009                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  19462080                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              1013407028.717304                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              1616959023.282696                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.614728                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.385272                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                         26919914                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              3939072      0.88%      0.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                257717786     57.71%     58.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    5742      0.00%     58.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                     4268      0.00%     58.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd               91030869     20.38%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                74443009     16.67%     95.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               19462080      4.36%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                 446602842                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      2626487311                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    3500101                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      6935143                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              6780227                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3480                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     153553                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       569382                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     6780227                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         3480                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           13361455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           5515417                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                5657                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               2706                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             4155058                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            2510679                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1480976                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     911637                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    569339                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              2606235172.174628                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              20252138.825372                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.007711                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.992289                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           775626                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                55872      0.81%      0.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  5374793     77.50%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    6714      0.10%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    14497      0.21%     78.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   2586      0.04%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  911637     13.14%     91.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 569339      8.21%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   6935438                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1692                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1692                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                2889                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               2889                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               133                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              133                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           70                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          838                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           62                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          792                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          668                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           56                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          320                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          796                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1866                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           64                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          764                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    9428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          140                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          455                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2483                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          476                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          124                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          217                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2457                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2292                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          350                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2702                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    10318                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              2448000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy               218483                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             1942000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              910981                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1014351                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1076762                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              936479                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              147939                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1866000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1601500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1392500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             2226000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages          886                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      3629056                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs          886                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           39                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       159744                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           39                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples              125744395                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.472555                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 1.884824                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |   118337558     94.11%     94.11% |       22661      0.02%     94.13% |     7380019      5.87%    100.00% |        1115      0.00%    100.00% |        2933      0.00%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                125744395                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   1167963697                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000982                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1167962570    100.00%    100.00% |        1127      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   1167963697                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     1167963697                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          2.682936                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.075157                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        17.123964                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  1167396677     99.95%     99.95% |      435420      0.04%     99.99% |      127343      0.01%    100.00% |        3623      0.00%    100.00% |         619      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       1167963697                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1147043201                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1147043201    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1147043201                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     20920496                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    94.956104                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    57.153484                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    87.755484                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    20353476     97.29%     97.29% |      435420      2.08%     99.37% |      127343      0.61%     99.98% |        3623      0.02%    100.00% |         619      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     20920496                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       965380                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        44457                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1009837                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      2804226                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        57236                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      2861462                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits     48570081                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      5693007                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     54263088                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits    139557282                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        86606                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses    139643888                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits    105480883                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses      7297979                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    112778862                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits    364962729                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        67796                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses    365030525                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1412897                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        73990                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1486887                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      4541775                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        62222                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4603997                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      5947642                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      7435651                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses     13383293                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           126                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.013892                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::0       101693                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2        68394                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::1       111090                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::1        73293                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2        41182                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         7774                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        11006                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5047                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::0       813544                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       547152                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7998480                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       586344                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       329456                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       559728                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       792432                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        40376                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.892517                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::0      5779613                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::2        60067                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5787239                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::1      5715281                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::2      5680015                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2332259                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         6579                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3328521                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::0     46236904                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       480536                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    416681208                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     45722248                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     45440120                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    167922648                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       473688                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     26628168                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     1.098506                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::0      7365775                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2        58459                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::1      7373987                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::1      7284026                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2      7246181                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2466987                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4149                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4762805                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::0     58926200                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       467672                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    530927064                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     58272208                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     57969448                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    177623064                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       298728                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     38102440                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.019108                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::0       136212                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::2        65899                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::1       141720                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::1        97080                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2        67583                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        28819                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        10327                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11388                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::0      1089696                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       527192                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10203840                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       776640                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       540664                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2074968                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       743544                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        91104                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     3.177808                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0     20796296                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2       160906                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1     24871299                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1     23859917                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2     13034961                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      4835839                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        32061                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8107761                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0    166370368                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1287248                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1790733528                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    190879336                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    104279688                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    348180408                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2308392                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     64862088                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.291833                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0      1857514                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2897491                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2686650                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        15043                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0     14860112                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    208619352                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     21493200                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       120344                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4992                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.290884                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0      1851448                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2888092                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2677735                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14929                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0     14811584                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    207942624                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     21421880                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       119432                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4992                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.290831                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0      1852104                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2887095                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2680627                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14856                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0     14816832                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    207870840                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     21445016                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       118848                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4992                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.290818                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0      1851937                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2887018                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2680093                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14807                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0     14815496                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    207865296                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     21440744                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       118456                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4992                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.005490                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57139                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59635                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2496                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4114008                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       477080                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        19968                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.579324                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0     20796296                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2       252819                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1     24951086                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1     23877351                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2     13034961                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      4835839                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        32061                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8167396                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2496                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0    166370368                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2022552                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1796478192                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    191018808                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    104279688                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    348180408                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2308392                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     65339168                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        19968                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        62388888                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       666544                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     74853256                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control    110736936                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     14603700                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     24509676                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        499111104                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      5332352                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   5389434432                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    885895488                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data   1051466400                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    196077408                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.018633                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        68394                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        98567                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        22576                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       547152                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7096824                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       180608                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.009151                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       101693                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        12523                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        50717                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        41182                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         7774                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        11006                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5047                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       813544                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       901656                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       405736                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       329456                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       559728                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       792432                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        40376                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     1.099606                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        60067                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5776871                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      5667520                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       480536                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    415934712                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     45340160                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.685427                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      5779613                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10368                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        47761                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      5680015                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2332259                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         6579                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3328521                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     46236904                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       746496                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       382088                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     45440120                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    167922648                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       473688                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     26628168                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     1.401490                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        58459                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      7363515                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      7235533                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       467672                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    530173080                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     57884264                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.795522                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      7365775                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10472                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        48493                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      7246181                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2466987                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4149                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4762805                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     58926200                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       753984                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       387944                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     57969448                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    177623064                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       298728                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     38102440                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.025073                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        65899                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       133806                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        45939                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       527192                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9634032                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       367512                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.013143                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       136212                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         7914                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        51141                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        67583                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        28819                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        10327                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11388                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1089696                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       569808                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       409128                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       540664                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2074968                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       743544                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        91104                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     2.911174                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0     13383293                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      7431634                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      7588615                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2     13034961                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      4835839                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        32061                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8107761                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0    107066344                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    535077648                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     60708920                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    104279688                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    348180408                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2308392                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     64862088                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     3.444442                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      7413003                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       160906                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1     17439665                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1     16271302                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     59304024                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1287248                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1255655880                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    130170416                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.227333                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1857514                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1025558                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       830376                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        15043                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     14860112                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     73840176                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6643008                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       120344                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.356333                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1871933                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1856274                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    134779176                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     14850192                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4992                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.226610                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1851448                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1022339                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       827546                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14929                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     14811584                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     73608408                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6620368                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       119432                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.355158                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1865753                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1850189                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    134334216                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     14801512                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4992                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.226393                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1852104                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1020759                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       829789                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14856                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     14816832                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     73494648                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6638312                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       118848                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.355270                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1866336                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1850838                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    134376192                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     14806704                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4992                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.226406                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1851937                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1020898                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       829457                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14807                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     14815496                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     73504656                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6635656                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       118456                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.355229                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1866120                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1850636                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    134360640                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     14805088                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4992                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.009844                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57139                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2496                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4114008                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        19968                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001136                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59635                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       477080                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.018633                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        68394                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        98567                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        22576                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       547152                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7096824                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       180608                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     1.099606                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        60067                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5776871                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      5667520                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       480536                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    415934712                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     45340160                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.link_utilization     1.401490                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        58459                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::1      7363515                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::1      7235533                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       467672                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    530173080                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     57884264                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.link_utilization     0.025073                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        65899                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::1       133806                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::1        45939                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       527192                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9634032                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       367512                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.link_utilization     2.911174                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0     13383293                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1      7431634                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1      7588615                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2     13034961                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      4835839                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        32061                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8107761                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0    107066344                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    535077648                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     60708920                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    104279688                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    348180408                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2308392                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     64862088                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.link_utilization     0.227333                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Control::0      1857514                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1025558                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1       830376                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        15043                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::0     14860112                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     73840176                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6643008                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       120344                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.link_utilization     0.226610                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Control::0      1851448                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1022339                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1       827546                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14929                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::0     14811584                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     73608408                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6620368                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       119432                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.link_utilization     0.226393                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Control::0      1852104                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1020759                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1       829789                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14856                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Control::0     14816832                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     73494648                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6638312                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       118848                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.link_utilization     0.226406                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0      1851937                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1020898                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1       829457                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14807                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0     14815496                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     73504656                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6635656                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       118456                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.link_utilization     0.009844                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57139                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2496                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4114008                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        19968                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle10.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      61505873                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         0.957235                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        2.598274                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    54151728     88.04%     88.04% |        7388      0.01%     88.06% |     7342849     11.94%     99.99% |        1014      0.00%    100.00% |        2786      0.00%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |          55      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        61505873                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      63841573                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.008545                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.224029                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    63788881     99.92%     99.92% |       15273      0.02%     99.94% |       37170      0.06%    100.00% |         101      0.00%    100.00% |         147      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        63841573                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        396949                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000035                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.008399                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      396942    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          396949                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    216741677                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       6.100590                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.286760                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     28.845917                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   216438071     99.86%     99.86% |      232596      0.11%     99.97% |       68398      0.03%    100.00% |        2171      0.00%    100.00% |         427      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     216741677                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    202314891                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   202314891    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    202314891                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     14426786                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    77.629013                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    44.161545                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    83.783979                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    14123180     97.90%     97.90% |      232596      1.61%     99.51% |       68398      0.47%     99.98% |        2171      0.02%    100.00% |         427      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     14426786                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     41173163                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.391891                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.015954                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      8.268681                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    41103953     99.83%     99.83% |       64721      0.16%     99.99% |        1765      0.00%     99.99% |        1468      0.00%    100.00% |         874      0.00%    100.00% |         345      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      41173163                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     41021890                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    41021890    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     41021890                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       151273                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   107.664011                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    74.299946                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    85.286193                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |       82063     54.25%     54.25% |       64721     42.78%     97.03% |        1765      1.17%     98.20% |        1468      0.97%     99.17% |         874      0.58%     99.75% |         345      0.23%     99.98% |           8      0.01%     99.98% |          24      0.02%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       151273                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    883699664                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.025418                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.945389                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   883694031    100.00%    100.00% |        4279      0.00%    100.00% |        1316      0.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    883699664                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    883275800                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   883275800    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    883275800                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       423864                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    53.992710                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    30.373413                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    71.297874                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      418231     98.67%     98.67% |        4279      1.01%     99.68% |        1316      0.31%     99.99% |          34      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       423864                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1190385                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     3.349854                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.104557                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    19.797893                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1180477     99.17%     99.17% |        9094      0.76%     99.93% |         349      0.03%     99.96% |         245      0.02%     99.98% |         171      0.01%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1190385                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1162517                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1162517    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1162517                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        27868                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   101.374300                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    69.949038                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    83.087733                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       17960     64.45%     64.45% |        9094     32.63%     97.08% |         349      1.25%     98.33% |         245      0.88%     99.21% |         171      0.61%     99.82% |          47      0.17%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        27868                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples     12579404                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    66.082861                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     9.097532                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    89.106659                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |     7788555     61.92%     61.92% |     4538371     36.08%     97.99% |      118679      0.94%     98.94% |       76039      0.60%     99.54% |       40418      0.32%     99.86% |       15774      0.13%     99.99% |          69      0.00%     99.99% |        1315      0.01%    100.00% |         184      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total     12579404                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      6688699                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6688699    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      6688699                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5890705                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   139.982279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   111.621886                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    81.761167                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     1099856     18.67%     18.67% |     4538371     77.04%     95.71% |      118679      2.01%     97.73% |       76039      1.29%     99.02% |       40418      0.69%     99.71% |       15774      0.27%     99.97% |          69      0.00%     99.97% |        1315      0.02%    100.00% |         184      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      5890705                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples     12579404                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    12579404    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total     12579404                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     12579404                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    12579404    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     12579404                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |     1857514     25.06%     25.06% |     1851448     24.98%     50.03% |     1852104     24.98%     75.02% |     1851937     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      7413003                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |     1025558     25.08%     25.08% |     1022339     25.00%     50.08% |     1020759     24.96%     75.04% |     1020898     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      4089554                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     1871833     25.06%     25.06% |     1865691     24.98%     50.03% |     1866289     24.98%     75.02% |     1866079     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      7469892                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     1025942     25.08%     25.08% |     1022721     25.00%     50.08% |     1021140     24.96%     75.04% |     1021282     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      4091085                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       14419     25.23%     25.23% |       14305     25.04%     50.27% |       14232     24.91%     75.18% |       14183     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        57139                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         624     25.00%     25.00% |         624     25.00%     50.00% |         624     25.00%     75.00% |         624     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2496                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      830376     25.03%     25.03% |      827546     24.95%     49.98% |      829789     25.01%     75.00% |      829457     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      3317168                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |     1857514     25.06%     25.06% |     1851448     24.98%     50.03% |     1852104     24.98%     75.02% |     1851937     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      7413003                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |       14319     25.17%     25.17% |       14243     25.04%     50.21% |       14185     24.93%     75.14% |       14142     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        56889                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         384     25.08%     25.08% |         382     24.95%     50.03% |         381     24.89%     74.92% |         384     25.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         1531                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |       14319     25.17%     25.17% |       14243     25.04%     50.21% |       14185     24.93%     75.14% |       14142     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total        56889                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         384     25.08%     25.08% |         382     24.95%     50.03% |         381     24.89%     74.92% |         384     25.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         1531                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |     1025218     25.08%     25.08% |     1022035     25.00%     50.08% |     1020469     24.96%     75.04% |     1020617     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      4088339                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         100     40.00%     40.00% |          62     24.80%     64.80% |          47     18.80%     83.60% |          41     16.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          250                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         240     24.87%     24.87% |         242     25.08%     49.95% |         243     25.18%     75.13% |         240     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          965                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      830376     25.03%     25.03% |      827546     24.95%     49.98% |      829789     25.01%     75.00% |      829457     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      3317168                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     1857514     25.06%     25.06% |     1851448     24.98%     50.03% |     1852104     24.98%     75.02% |     1851937     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      7413003                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |     1025218     25.08%     25.08% |     1022035     25.00%     50.08% |     1020469     24.96%     75.04% |     1020617     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      4088339                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |         100     40.00%     40.00% |          62     24.80%     64.80% |          47     18.80%     83.60% |          41     16.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total          250                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |         100     40.00%     40.00% |          62     24.80%     64.80% |          47     18.80%     83.60% |          41     16.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          250                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         240     24.87%     24.87% |         242     25.08%     49.95% |         243     25.18%     75.13% |         240     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          965                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         240     24.87%     24.87% |         242     25.08%     49.95% |         243     25.18%     75.13% |         240     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          965                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       57139    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        57139                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       57139    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          57139                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       57139    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        57139                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       57139    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        57139                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2496                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      579493      0.45%      0.45% |    37800745     29.67%     30.13% |    88183440     69.22%     99.35% |      829510      0.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    127393188                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     2861462      0.56%      0.56% |   139643890     27.27%     27.83% |   365030525     71.28%     99.10% |     4603997      0.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    512139874                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      430344      1.02%      1.02% |    16462343     39.06%     40.08% |    24595422     58.36%     98.44% |      657377      1.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     42145486                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       61723     26.82%     26.82% |       54340     23.61%     50.42% |       52642     22.87%     73.29% |       61468     26.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       230173                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       48575      0.37%      0.37% |     5742780     43.49%     43.86% |     7323928     55.47%     99.33% |       88859      0.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     13204142                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         819     20.40%     20.40% |        1086     27.05%     47.45% |        1162     28.94%     76.39% |         948     23.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         4015                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        5852     31.41%     31.41% |        4641     24.91%     56.32% |        4655     24.99%     81.31% |        3483     18.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        18631                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |         166     17.47%     17.47% |         233     24.53%     42.00% |         328     34.53%     76.53% |         223     23.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total          950                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       19242      0.21%      0.21% |     4326898     46.54%     46.75% |     4914846     52.86%     99.61% |       36369      0.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      9297355                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        5088     27.31%     27.31% |        3510     18.84%     46.15% |        3603     19.34%     65.49% |        6430     34.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        18631                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       74071      1.83%      1.83% |     1446230     35.66%     37.48% |     2444738     60.28%     97.76% |       90784      2.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      4055823                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        6463     39.21%     39.21% |        3765     22.84%     62.05% |        3153     19.13%     81.18% |        3103     18.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        16484                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        3292     28.67%     28.67% |        2975     25.91%     54.57% |        2588     22.54%     77.11% |        2629     22.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        11484                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       12821      0.10%      0.10% |     5660780     43.73%     43.83% |     7229792     55.86%     99.69% |       40207      0.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total     12943600                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       15645      0.17%      0.17% |     4335397     46.36%     46.53% |     4964327     53.09%     99.61% |       36187      0.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      9351556                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |       27636     16.47%     16.47% |       64895     38.68%     55.16% |       37599     22.41%     77.57% |       37629     22.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       167759                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |        5467      0.15%      0.15% |     1342488     36.43%     36.57% |     2322573     63.02%     99.59% |       15043      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      3685571                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |        5164     13.64%     13.64% |       14285     37.74%     51.38% |        8711     23.01%     74.39% |        9693     25.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        37853                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       11960     30.74%     30.74% |        8003     20.57%     51.32% |        5920     15.22%     66.53% |       13019     33.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        38902                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       29600     27.90%     27.90% |       21711     20.46%     48.36% |       30197     28.46%     76.82% |       24593     23.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       106101                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        8259     36.11%     36.11% |        4377     19.14%     55.25% |        2898     12.67%     67.93% |        7335     32.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total        22869                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        7342     26.15%     26.15% |        6753     24.05%     50.20% |        5920     21.08%     71.28% |        8063     28.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        28078                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       93485      3.76%      3.76% |      672883     27.04%     30.79% |     1607171     64.58%     95.37% |      115281      4.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      2488820                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     2804226      0.55%      0.55% |   139557282     27.26%     27.81% |   364962729     71.30%     99.11% |     4541775      0.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    511866012                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        3126     29.67%     29.67% |        2742     26.03%     55.70% |        2261     21.46%     77.16% |        2406     22.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        10535                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |       39898     28.00%     28.00% |       29732     20.86%     48.86% |       37218     26.11%     74.97% |       35669     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total       142517                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       28412     12.22%     12.22% |       75247     32.37%     44.59% |       88216     37.95%     82.54% |       40589     17.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       232464                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |       80722      0.09%      0.09% |    22235055     25.23%     25.32% |    65642787     74.49%     99.81% |      164189      0.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     88122753                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |        5779      0.50%      0.50% |      991915     85.48%     85.98% |      145640     12.55%     98.53% |       17054      1.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      1160388                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        5655     31.88%     31.88% |        3744     21.10%     52.98% |        2563     14.45%     67.43% |        5779     32.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        17741                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |        5047      0.06%      0.06% |     3328521     41.05%     41.12% |     4762805     58.74%     99.86% |       11388      0.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      8107761                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |         225     13.70%     13.70% |         528     32.16%     45.86% |         618     37.64%     83.50% |         271     16.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total         1642                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |        2442     25.94%     25.94% |        2504     26.60%     52.54% |        3109     33.03%     85.57% |        1358     14.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         9413                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      377681      1.38%      1.38% |    10549407     38.51%     39.89% |    15963235     58.28%     98.17% |      500834      1.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     27391157                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      407713      1.09%      1.09% |    14120821     37.89%     38.99% |    22122050     59.36%     98.35% |      615539      1.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     37266123                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |       11006     34.33%     34.33% |        6579     20.52%     54.85% |        4149     12.94%     67.79% |       10327     32.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        32061                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |        7774      0.16%      0.16% |     2332259     48.23%     48.39% |     2466987     51.01%     99.40% |       28819      0.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      4835839                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         594     25.03%     25.03% |         558     23.51%     48.55% |         544     22.92%     71.47% |         677     28.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         2373                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        3410     36.99%     36.99% |        2137     23.18%     60.18% |        1546     16.77%     76.95% |        2125     23.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         9218                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       19242      0.21%      0.21% |     4326898     46.54%     46.75% |     4914846     52.86%     99.61% |       36369      0.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      9297355                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        5088     27.31%     27.31% |        3510     18.84%     46.15% |        3603     19.34%     65.49% |        6430     34.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        18631                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       60511     17.37%     17.37% |       99598     28.59%     45.96% |      119594     34.33%     80.30% |       68629     19.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       348332                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |         166     17.47%     17.47% |         233     24.53%     42.00% |         328     34.53%     76.53% |         223     23.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total          950                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       13560      0.37%      0.37% |     1346632     36.32%     36.69% |     2325144     62.71%     99.40% |       22155      0.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      3707491                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        6463     39.21%     39.21% |        3765     22.84%     62.05% |        3153     19.13%     81.18% |        3103     18.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        16484                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        3292     28.67%     28.67% |        2975     25.91%     54.57% |        2588     22.54%     77.11% |        2629     22.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total        11484                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       12821      0.10%      0.10% |     5660780     43.73%     43.83% |     7229792     55.86%     99.69% |       40207      0.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total     12943600                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR       273860      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        9390523      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        3708443      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE        10535      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX       12943600      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      4058824      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean      3346683      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       7413003      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        7406722      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          41279      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean         9413      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              85963      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all          94715      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          18631      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock     13016330      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv           2430      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR        72016      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      4201476      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      3139511      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR       201826      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS        74468      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX          950      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE        10534      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement         1898      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean        75076      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR           18      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      5095881      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       563965      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement      4053984      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean      3224950      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv         1012      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        18631      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         4015      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX     12943600      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         2942      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        46657      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv          203      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      7406722      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv         1012      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data         2546      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all          599      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv          203      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data        29515      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all        17142      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          83815      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all        75076      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack           2148      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all         1898      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data      4201474      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data        72018      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data      3139511      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           42      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        11484      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS           19      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock     13004846      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         9185      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean         9373      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           73      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data           33      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean           40      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        18558      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
