
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.279058                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1279058435500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               53470181918501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 127152                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   170161                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              300228427                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1813928                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4260.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   541701841                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     724932844                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     85166400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          85166400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     50348800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       50348800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1330725                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            1330725                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       786700                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            786700                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     66585230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             66585230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     39363956                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            39363956                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    105949186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           105949186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    1330725                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    786700                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  1330725                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  786700                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              85122176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  44224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               50348352                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               85166400                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            50348800                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   691                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            85097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            82372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            84311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            86388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            84574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            82906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            82644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            84080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            82304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            82214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           82927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           81451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           81630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           81619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           82238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           83279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            51058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            48915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            50163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            51294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            50620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            49328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            49111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            49278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            48370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            48446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           48473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           47815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           48108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           48040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           48380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           49294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1279058449500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              1330725                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              786700                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                1328009                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   2024                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 48652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 49094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 49099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 49094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 49107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 49097                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 49118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 49108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 49098                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 49088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 49089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 49077                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 49072                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 49068                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 49063                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 49064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       972419                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   139.312918                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    93.937263                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   187.489986                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       695679     71.54%     71.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       154828     15.92%     87.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        33621      3.46%     90.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        21666      2.23%     93.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        17433      1.79%     94.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767        13617      1.40%     96.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895        16380      1.68%     98.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         6363      0.65%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        12832      1.32%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       972419                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        49060                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     27.111048                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.708268                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.138471                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-15            70      0.14%      0.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-31        35455     72.27%     72.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-47        10897     22.21%     94.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-63         1343      2.74%     97.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-79          430      0.88%     98.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-95          264      0.54%     98.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::96-111          275      0.56%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::112-127          182      0.37%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-143           73      0.15%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::144-159           45      0.09%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::160-175           12      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::176-191            3      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::192-207            2      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::208-223            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::224-239            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::240-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-271            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::336-351            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        49060                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        49060                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.035324                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.033327                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.262939                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           48182     98.21%     98.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              28      0.06%     98.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18             845      1.72%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19               5      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        49060                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 28764013447                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            53702150947                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                6650170000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    21626.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               40376.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       66.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       39.36                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    66.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    39.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  726737                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 417571                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                54.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               53.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    604063.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   54.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              3760842960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              2052047250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             5297557200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            2592129600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         84010552080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        262585143585                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        541402708500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          901700981175                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           701.039470                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 894564087751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  42710460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 341783826249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              3618903960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              1974600375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             5175658800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            2508142320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         84010552080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        259743469860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        543895404750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          900926732145                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           700.437520                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 898187379000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  42710460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 338157234750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     85154496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          85154496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     50380800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       50380800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1330539                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            1330539                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       787200                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            787200                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     66575923                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             66575923                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     39388974                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            39388974                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    105964897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           105964897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    1330539                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    787200                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  1330539                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  787200                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              85137536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  16960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               50380672                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               85154496                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            50380800                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   265                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            85426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            82718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            83384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            85605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            83900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            82962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            83130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            84209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            82614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            82180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           83065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           81552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           81843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           81671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           82539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           83476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            51177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            49036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            49461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            51580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            50061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            49410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            49436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            49437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            48350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            48414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           48612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           47950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           48093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           48113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           48704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           49364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1279058205000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              1330539                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              787200                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                1328494                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1779                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   812                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 48744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 49120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 49126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 49128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 49147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 49128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 49155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 49130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 49145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 49130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 49130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 49119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 49107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 49108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 49101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 49100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       991070                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   136.739419                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    92.328387                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   185.507425                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       727383     73.39%     73.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       140911     14.22%     87.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        34229      3.45%     91.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        22335      2.25%     93.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        17739      1.79%     95.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767        13928      1.41%     96.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895        15393      1.55%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         6284      0.63%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        12868      1.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       991070                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        49100                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     27.093931                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.652614                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.440945                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-15            53      0.11%      0.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-31        35778     72.87%     72.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-47        10793     21.98%     94.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-63         1074      2.19%     97.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-79          394      0.80%     97.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-95          368      0.75%     98.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::96-111          302      0.62%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::112-127          202      0.41%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-143           63      0.13%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::144-159           34      0.07%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::160-175           15      0.03%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::176-191            7      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::192-207            1      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::208-223            4      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::224-239            8      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::240-255            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-271            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::304-319            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        49100                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        49100                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.032546                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.030702                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.252646                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           48291     98.35%     98.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              25      0.05%     98.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18             779      1.59%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19               5      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        49100                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 28295420450                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            53238057950                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                6651370000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    21270.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               40020.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       66.56                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       39.39                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    66.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    39.39                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  725865                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 400537                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                54.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               50.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    603973.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   53.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              3821096160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              2084923500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             5289304800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            2590878960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         84010552080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        262210876740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        541731012750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          901738644990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           701.068752                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 895288392501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  42710460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 341059864499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              3699470880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              2018560500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             5185954800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            2512665360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         84010552080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        259705171845                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        543928999500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          901061374965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           700.542200                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 898304753249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  42710460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 338039860501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2557470541                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1144695                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2481568                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              2427626                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    39                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      74564                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       161690                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     2427626                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           39                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            4947110                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           2006990                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  63                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                 31                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             1335711                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             733574                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       588584                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     363176                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    225408                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2550204488.294020                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              7266052.705980                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.002841                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.997159                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           259101                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                40804      1.64%      1.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  1834261     73.91%     75.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    4283      0.17%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    13628      0.55%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                     30      0.00%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  363176     14.63%     90.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 225408      9.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   2481590                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2560341881                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  533907504                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    709286734                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            508908146                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             331101068                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     436211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     31473339                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   508908146                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    331101068                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         1070331836                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         339927420                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           564014582                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          276695748                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           220331596                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          241388026                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    152868733                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   94780629                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  58088104                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              10226240.892519                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2550115640.107481                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.996006                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.003994                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         33889581                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               955654      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                444150002     62.62%     62.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   25734      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   145182      0.02%     62.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              111149730     15.67%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                94780629     13.36%     91.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               58088104      8.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 709295035                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      2559003458                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     865273                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      1866743                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              1823916                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      51740                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       131197                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     1823916                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            3699324                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           1510630                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             1034442                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes             548276                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       444333                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     278687                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    165646                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              2553486555.625516                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              5516902.374484                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.002156                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.997844                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           199625                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                32205      1.73%      1.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  1375340     73.68%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    3794      0.20%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    11074      0.59%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  278687     14.93%     91.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 165646      8.87%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   1866746                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      2555856995                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    2959789                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      5883946                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              5780576                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1826                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     150556                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       497857                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     5780576                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         1826                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           11516091                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           4698434                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                3068                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               1448                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             3707545                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            2010674                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1330164                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     860945                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    469219                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              2540893061.037744                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              14963933.962256                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.005855                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.994145                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           676152                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                40122      0.68%      0.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  4494380     76.38%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    4843      0.08%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    13152      0.22%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   1376      0.02%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  860945     14.63%     92.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 469219      7.97%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   5884037                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  710                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 710                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1547                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1547                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                12                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               12                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2512                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          654                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          660                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          674                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    4538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          927                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1300                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2243                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1356                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1308                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1329                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1348                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     6292                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                27996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             1211500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              756499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              860281                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy              760000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              775498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy                4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             2115500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              511000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              499500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy              508000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               91188836                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.494003                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 1.925938                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    85560775     93.83%     93.83% |        4784      0.01%     93.83% |     5621760      6.16%    100.00% |         407      0.00%    100.00% |        1087      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 91188836                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    936825333                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000502                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   936825097    100.00%    100.00% |         236      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    936825333                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      936825333                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.748831                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.092321                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        10.565167                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   936743321     99.99%     99.99% |       77824      0.01%    100.00% |        3730      0.00%    100.00% |         418      0.00%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        936825333                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    897468484                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   897468484    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    897468484                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     39356849                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    18.824706                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     8.182174                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    48.503860                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    39274837     99.79%     99.79% |       77824      0.20%     99.99% |        3730      0.01%    100.00% |         418      0.00%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     39356849                      
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits       522307                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses        65491                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses       587798                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits      1426690                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses        88755                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses      1515445                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits    127721050                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses     38109535                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses    165830585                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits    761351576                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses       749149                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses    762100725                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits       391643                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses        52523                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses       444166                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits      1080363                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses        66238                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses      1146601                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits      1199405                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses       132776                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses      1332181                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits      3775450                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses        92382                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses      3867832                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits        112249                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses        41997                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses       154246                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits      29662128                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses      9196556                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses     38858684                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits         87323                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses        31438                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses       118761                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits        141976                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses        83182                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses       225158                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      6678212                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      2674961                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      9353173                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            15                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.006299                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0        41997                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20629                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1        46454                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1        26389                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2        26760                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         4063                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         7677                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5000                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0       335976                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       165032                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3344688                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       211112                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       214080                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       292536                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       552744                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        40000                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     1.598218                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0      9196556                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6499                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1      9198257                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1      9009682                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9003821                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      5566758                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          115                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3434442                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0     73572448                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        51992                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    662274504                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     72077456                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     72030568                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    400806576                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         8280                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     27475536                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.005262                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0        31438                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21286                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1        42795                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18875                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::2        19458                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         2425                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4093                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3609                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0       251504                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       170288                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3081240                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       151000                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       155664                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       174600                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       294696                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        28872                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.013613                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0        83182                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2        18524                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1        87987                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1        67490                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::2        64245                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        34528                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4195                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        19131                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0       665456                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       148192                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6335064                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       539920                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       513960                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2486016                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       302040                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       153048                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     2.055523                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0     12014437                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2        44402                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1     13583263                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1     12831370                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9114284                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      5607774                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        16080                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3462182                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0     96115496                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       355216                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    977994936                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    102650960                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     72914272                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    403759728                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1157760                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     27697456                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.217481                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0      1330725                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2117425                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1866126                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0     10645800                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    152454600                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     14929008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.217499                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0      1330539                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2117739                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1865336                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0     10644312                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    152477208                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     14922688                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.316470                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0     12014437                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2        66938                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1     13596960                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1     12842634                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9114284                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      5607774                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        16080                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3462182                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0     96115496                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       535504                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    978981120                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    102741072                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     72914272                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    403759728                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1157760                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     27697456                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        36043311                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       178278                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     40790880                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     65870754                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     16871562                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     10386546                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        288346488                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      1426224                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   2936943360                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    526966032                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data   1214752464                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     83092368                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.007811                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20629                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        40250                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        16734                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       165032                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2898000                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       133872                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004787                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        41997                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         6204                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9655                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        26760                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         4063                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         7677                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         5000                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       335976                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       446688                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        77240                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       214080                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       292536                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       552744                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        40000                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     1.793777                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6499                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      9195866                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      9004548                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        51992                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    662102352                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     72036384                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     1.402659                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      9196556                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         2391                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         5134                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9003821                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      5566758                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          115                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3434442                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     73572448                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       172152                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        41072                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     72030568                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    400806576                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         8280                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     27475536                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005970                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21286                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30707                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         7788                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       170288                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2210904                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        62304                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004555                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        31438                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        12088                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        11087                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        19458                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         2425                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4093                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3609                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       251504                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       870336                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        88696                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       155664                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       174600                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       294696                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        28872                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.015937                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        18524                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        82295                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        56205                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       148192                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5925240                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       449640                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.011289                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        83182                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5692                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        11285                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        64245                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        34528                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4195                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        19131                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       665456                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       409824                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        90280                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       513960                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2486016                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       302040                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       153048                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     1.940654                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      9353173                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2673942                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2678578                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9114284                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      5607774                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        16080                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3462182                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     74825384                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    192523824                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     21428624                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     72914272                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    403759728                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1157760                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     27697456                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     2.170392                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      2661264                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        44402                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1     10909321                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1     10152792                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     21290112                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       355216                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    785471112                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     81222336                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.174948                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1330725                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       786700                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       539713                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     10645800                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     56642400                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4317704                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.260014                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1330725                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1326413                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     95812200                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     10611304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.175020                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1330539                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       787200                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       539068                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     10644312                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     56678400                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4312544                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.259979                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1330539                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1326268                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     95798808                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     10610144                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.link_utilization     0.007811                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20629                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1        40250                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1        16734                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       165032                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2898000                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       133872                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.link_utilization     1.793777                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6499                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1      9195866                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1      9004548                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        51992                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    662102352                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     72036384                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.link_utilization     0.005970                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21286                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        30707                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1         7788                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       170288                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2210904                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        62304                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.link_utilization     0.015937                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2        18524                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1        82295                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1        56205                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       148192                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5925240                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       449640                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.link_utilization     1.940654                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0      9353173                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2673942                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2678578                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9114284                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      5607774                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        16080                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3462182                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0     74825384                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    192523824                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     21428624                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     72914272                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    403759728                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1157760                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     27697456                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.link_utilization     0.174948                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0      1330725                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1       786700                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1       539713                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0     10645800                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     56642400                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4317704                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.link_utilization     0.175020                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0      1330539                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       787200                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       539068                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0     10644312                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     56678400                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4312544                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle12.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      27537413                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.630528                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        3.223978                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    21926917     79.63%     79.63% |        1775      0.01%     79.63% |     5607263     20.36%     99.99% |         379      0.00%    100.00% |        1056      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        27537413                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      63159842                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.002327                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.129420                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    63135210     99.96%     99.96% |        7067      0.01%     99.97% |        1117      0.00%     99.97% |        1892      0.00%     99.98% |       14393      0.02%    100.00% |         104      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        63159842                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        491581                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000008                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.004034                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      491579    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          491581                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    108901343                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       4.842285                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.645368                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     22.161446                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   108860743     99.96%     99.96% |       38811      0.04%    100.00% |        1468      0.00%    100.00% |         283      0.00%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     108901343                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     82461814                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    82461814    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     82461814                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     26439529                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    16.825924                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     7.776108                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    42.816514                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    26398929     99.85%     99.85% |       38811      0.15%     99.99% |        1468      0.01%    100.00% |         283      0.00%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     26439529                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     58804125                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       5.553680                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.555780                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     28.559984                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    58745796     99.90%     99.90% |       17293      0.03%     99.93% |       31550      0.05%     99.98% |        7100      0.01%    100.00% |        1736      0.00%    100.00% |         515      0.00%    100.00% |         116      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      58804125                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     46985907                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    46985907    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     46985907                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     11818218                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    23.657832                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     9.017383                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    60.401631                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    11759889     99.51%     99.51% |       17293      0.15%     99.65% |       31550      0.27%     99.92% |        7100      0.06%     99.98% |        1736      0.01%     99.99% |         515      0.00%    100.00% |         116      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     11818218                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    768630603                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.017761                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.002971                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.921615                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   768629887    100.00%    100.00% |         456      0.00%    100.00% |         235      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    768630603                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    767634079                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   767634079    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    767634079                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       996524                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    14.699316                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     9.854216                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    21.626496                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      995808     99.93%     99.93% |         456      0.05%     99.97% |         235      0.02%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       996524                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       220166                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     6.332304                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     2.151452                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    23.043874                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      218412     99.20%     99.20% |        1546      0.70%     99.91% |          59      0.03%     99.93% |          67      0.03%     99.96% |          52      0.02%     99.99% |          23      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       220166                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       139426                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      139426    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       139426                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        80740                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    15.540401                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     8.078112                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    36.250978                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       78986     97.83%     97.83% |        1546      1.91%     99.74% |          59      0.07%     99.82% |          67      0.08%     99.90% |          52      0.06%     99.96% |          23      0.03%     99.99% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        80740                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       134548                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     4.667145                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.547833                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    17.579450                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      133806     99.45%     99.45% |         696      0.52%     99.97% |           7      0.01%     99.97% |           5      0.00%     99.97% |          20      0.01%     99.99% |           9      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       134548                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       112710                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      112710    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       112710                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        21838                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    23.593965                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    14.754568                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    38.424687                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       21096     96.60%     96.60% |         696      3.19%     99.79% |           7      0.03%     99.82% |           5      0.02%     99.84% |          20      0.09%     99.94% |           9      0.04%     99.98% |           3      0.01%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        21838                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       134548                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      134548    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       134548                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       134548                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      134548    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       134548                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |     1330725     50.00%     50.00% |     1330539     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      2661264                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      786700     49.98%     49.98% |      787200     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1573900                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     1330725     50.00%     50.00% |     1330539     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      2661264                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      786700     49.98%     49.98% |      787200     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1573900                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      539713     50.03%     50.03% |      539068     49.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      1078781                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |     1330725     50.00%     50.00% |     1330539     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      2661264                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      786700     49.98%     49.98% |      787200     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1573900                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      539713     50.03%     50.03% |      539068     49.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      1078781                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     1330725     50.00%     50.00% |     1330539     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      2661264                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      786700     49.98%     49.98% |      787200     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1573900                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |      333680      0.31%      0.31% |   107521342     98.73%     99.04% |      258763      0.24%     99.28% |      787558      0.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total    108901343                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     1515445      0.20%      0.20% |   762100725     99.15%     99.35% |     1146601      0.15%     99.50% |     3867832      0.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    768630603                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |      254118      0.43%      0.43% |    58309243     98.34%     98.77% |      185403      0.31%     99.08% |      544623      0.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total     59293387                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |       26682      6.28%      6.28% |      347329     81.79%     88.08% |       23947      5.64%     93.72% |       26685      6.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total       424643                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |      144784      0.37%      0.37% |    38636655     98.80%     99.17% |      108417      0.28%     99.45% |      214856      0.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total     39104712                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |       86750     11.97%     11.97% |      468257     64.59%     76.56% |       76289     10.52%     87.08% |       93659     12.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total       724955                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       67496      0.17%      0.17% |    38390427     99.37%     99.55% |       42472      0.11%     99.66% |      131499      0.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total     38631894                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       46808      0.18%      0.18% |    26253887     99.30%     99.47% |       38434      0.15%     99.62% |      100400      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     26439529                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       88755      8.91%      8.91% |      749149     75.18%     84.08% |       66238      6.65%     90.73% |       92382      9.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       996524                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       17410      0.15%      0.15% |    11854983     99.48%     99.62% |       13435      0.11%     99.73% |       31597      0.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store::total     11917425                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |       18488     10.51%     10.51% |      125980     71.63%     82.14% |       14264      8.11%     90.25% |       17144      9.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total       175876                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       44187     19.93%     19.93% |       86230     38.90%     58.84% |       40992     18.49%     77.33% |       50251     22.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       221660                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     1124466      8.38%      8.38% |     9755910     72.72%     81.10% |      975842      7.27%     88.38% |     1559312     11.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     13415530                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        1273     37.76%     37.76% |         665     19.73%     57.49% |         654     19.40%     76.89% |         779     23.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         3371                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2995      3.82%      3.82% |       67291     85.90%     89.72% |        3431      4.38%     94.10% |        4618      5.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        78335                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |       82488     12.82%     12.82% |      400326     62.23%     75.06% |       72212     11.23%     86.28% |       88238     13.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total       643264                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |       55690      0.11%      0.11% |    51287603     99.45%     99.56% |       42180      0.08%     99.64% |      184963      0.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     51570436                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |      302224      0.04%      0.04% |   751595666     99.65%     99.69% |      104521      0.01%     99.71% |     2216138      0.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total    754218549                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |        8800      0.14%      0.14% |     6310820     99.21%     99.34% |        6661      0.10%     99.45% |       35109      0.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      6361390                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2266      1.44%      1.44% |      148894     94.59%     96.03% |        3768      2.39%     98.42% |        2484      1.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total       157412                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |       37744      0.19%      0.19% |    20075017     99.42%     99.61% |       17941      0.09%     99.70% |       61585      0.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total     20192287                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      186995      0.61%      0.61% |    29893622     97.47%     98.08% |      137157      0.45%     98.53% |      451944      1.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     30669718                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      226635      0.55%      0.55% |    40142775     97.88%     98.44% |      164653      0.40%     98.84% |      477138      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     41011201                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        2933     22.53%     22.53% |        5164     39.66%     62.19% |        2484     19.08%     81.27% |        2439     18.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        13020                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |       24552      0.13%      0.13% |    18161312     99.41%     99.54% |       18264      0.10%     99.64% |       65033      0.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total     18269161                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data |       70688     12.49%     12.49% |      359414     63.48%     75.97% |       60234     10.64%     86.61% |       75823     13.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data::total       566159                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive |       18067      4.20%      4.20% |      389735     90.56%     94.76% |        6004      1.40%     96.15% |       16559      3.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive::total       430365                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       16062     10.11%     10.11% |      108843     68.54%     78.66% |       16055     10.11%     88.77% |       17836     11.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total       158796                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       30746      0.12%      0.12% |    26145044     99.48%     99.60% |       22379      0.09%     99.69% |       82564      0.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total     26280733                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |       17410      0.15%      0.15% |    11854983     99.48%     99.62% |       13435      0.11%     99.73% |       31597      0.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total     11917425                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |        1273     37.76%     37.76% |         665     19.73%     57.49% |         654     19.40%     76.89% |         779     23.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total         3371                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      135563      0.49%      0.49% |    27003036     98.42%     98.92% |      104672      0.38%     99.30% |      192782      0.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     27436053                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |       18683      0.16%      0.16% |    11855648     99.45%     99.61% |       14089      0.12%     99.73% |       32376      0.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     11920796                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |       62296      0.16%      0.16% |    38236329     99.41%     99.58% |       36205      0.09%     99.67% |      126618      0.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total     38461448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |        2933     22.53%     22.53% |        5164     39.66%     62.19% |        2484     19.08%     81.27% |        2439     18.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total        13020                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       17332     32.55%     32.55% |        5249      9.86%     42.41% |       15180     28.51%     70.92% |       15480     29.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        53241                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |       31640      4.06%      4.06% |      693174     88.84%     92.89% |       22410      2.87%     95.77% |       33028      4.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       780252                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |       21724     31.47%     31.47% |        1484      2.15%     33.62% |       25484     36.92%     70.53% |       20342     29.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        69034                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       24130      0.26%      0.26% |     9194785     98.83%     99.09% |       16476      0.18%     99.26% |       68498      0.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      9303889                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         390     38.27%     38.27% |         109     10.70%     48.97% |         124     12.17%     61.14% |         396     38.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         1019                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        2907     22.93%     22.93% |        1141      9.00%     31.93% |        5982     47.18%     79.11% |        2648     20.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        12678                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |         571     46.12%     46.12% |         426     34.41%     80.53% |           8      0.65%     81.18% |         233     18.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         1238                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       13006      0.22%      0.22% |     5722058     98.76%     98.99% |       12027      0.21%     99.20% |       46555      0.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      5793646                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        6045     47.68%     47.68% |         903      7.12%     54.80% |        2628     20.73%     75.53% |        3102     24.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        12678                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       20628      0.58%      0.58% |     3472479     98.05%     98.63% |       16044      0.45%     99.09% |       32405      0.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      3541556                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |       23749      5.77%      5.77% |      342165     83.13%     88.90% |       21463      5.21%     94.11% |       24246      5.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total       411623                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        5353     53.39%     53.39% |        2232     22.26%     75.65% |        1015     10.12%     85.78% |        1426     14.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        10026                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        2318     43.79%     43.79% |        1116     21.08%     64.88% |         739     13.96%     78.84% |        1120     21.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         5293                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |        9063      0.10%      0.10% |     9001200     99.24%     99.34% |        6034      0.07%     99.41% |       53659      0.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      9069956                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       34288      0.57%      0.57% |     5915696     97.86%     98.42% |       26635      0.44%     98.87% |       68594      1.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      6045213                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        5962      0.18%      0.18% |     3280170     99.28%     99.46% |        4072      0.12%     99.59% |       13701      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      3303905                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |        1656     18.38%     18.38% |        4376     48.56%     66.94% |        1012     11.23%     78.17% |        1967     21.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total         9011                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       63786     13.65%     13.65% |      274458     58.73%     72.38% |       58075     12.43%     84.80% |       71014     15.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       467333                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        1406     39.54%     39.54% |         687     19.32%     58.86% |         665     18.70%     77.56% |         798     22.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         3556                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |       14890      6.41%      6.41% |      192643     82.89%     89.30% |       10257      4.41%     93.71% |       14613      6.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       232403                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |        6593     30.23%     30.23% |         628      2.88%     33.11% |        7438     34.11%     67.22% |        7149     32.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        21808                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |        1682     27.78%     27.78% |         161      2.66%     30.44% |        3606     59.55%     89.99% |         606     10.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total         6055                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |         341     68.34%     68.34% |           3      0.60%     68.94% |          66     13.23%     82.16% |          89     17.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total          499                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |        7397     28.06%     28.06% |         754      2.86%     30.92% |        9460     35.89%     66.81% |        8750     33.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total        26361                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |       15067      6.44%      6.44% |      193585     82.75%     89.19% |       10442      4.46%     93.66% |       14839      6.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total       233933                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |       12029      0.21%      0.21% |     5600353     98.83%     99.05% |        9005      0.16%     99.21% |       45044      0.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total      5666431                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |          41      0.03%      0.03% |      121630     99.17%     99.21% |         346      0.28%     99.49% |         629      0.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       122646                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |         928     20.36%     20.36% |          52      1.14%     21.51% |        2665     58.48%     79.99% |         912     20.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         4557                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv    |         602     33.65%     33.65% |           4      0.22%     33.87% |         615     34.38%     68.25% |         568     31.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv::total         1789                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |          27      0.02%      0.02% |      121542     99.19%     99.22% |         342      0.28%     99.49% |         619      0.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total       122530                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           4     57.14%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |         272     11.60%     11.60% |          40      1.71%     13.31% |        1865     79.56%     92.88% |         167      7.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total         2344                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |       50267      0.15%      0.15% |    32635976     99.52%     99.67% |       27200      0.08%     99.75% |       81574      0.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total     32795017                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |         889      2.53%      2.53% |       32314     92.12%     94.66% |         602      1.72%     96.37% |        1272      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        35077                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |        3341     40.98%     40.98% |          62      0.76%     41.74% |        2639     32.37%     74.12% |        2110     25.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         8152                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |       35807      0.17%      0.17% |    20812721     99.50%     99.67% |       16356      0.08%     99.75% |       52568      0.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     20917452                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |       10974      0.13%      0.13% |     8574788     99.56%     99.69% |        9286      0.11%     99.79% |       17788      0.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total      8612836                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |        7677     47.74%     47.74% |         115      0.72%     48.46% |        4093     25.45%     73.91% |        4195     26.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total        16080                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |        9036      0.10%      0.10% |     8879658     99.24%     99.34% |        5692      0.06%     99.41% |       53040      0.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      8947426                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         390     38.54%     38.54% |         108     10.67%     49.21% |         120     11.86%     61.07% |         394     38.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         1012                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        2635     25.50%     25.50% |        1101     10.65%     36.15% |        4117     39.84%     75.99% |        2481     24.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        10334                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       13006      0.22%      0.22% |     5722058     98.76%     98.99% |       12027      0.21%     99.20% |       46555      0.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      5793646                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        6045     47.68%     47.68% |         903      7.12%     54.80% |        2628     20.73%     75.53% |        3102     24.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        12678                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       15237      6.38%      6.38% |      192735     80.68%     87.06% |       11980      5.01%     92.07% |       18937      7.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       238889                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |         571     46.12%     46.12% |         426     34.41%     80.53% |           8      0.65%     81.18% |         233     18.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         1238                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |        5391      0.16%      0.16% |     3279744     99.31%     99.47% |        4064      0.12%     99.59% |       13468      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      3302667                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        5353     53.39%     53.39% |        2232     22.26%     75.65% |        1015     10.12%     85.78% |        1426     14.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        10026                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        2318     43.79%     43.79% |        1116     21.08%     64.88% |         739     13.96%     78.84% |        1120     21.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total         5293                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |        9063      0.10%      0.10% |     9001200     99.24%     99.34% |        6034      0.07%     99.41% |       53659      0.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      9069956                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       14890      6.41%      6.41% |      192643     82.89%     89.30% |       10257      4.41%     93.71% |       14613      6.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       232403                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        6593     30.23%     30.23% |         628      2.88%     33.11% |        7438     34.11%     67.22% |        7149     32.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        21808                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |       21483      8.45%      8.45% |      193271     76.03%     84.48% |       17695      6.96%     91.44% |       21762      8.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total       254211                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |          68     12.76%     12.76% |          95     17.82%     30.58% |         185     34.71%     65.29% |         185     34.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total          533                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |          41      0.03%      0.03% |      121630     99.17%     99.21% |         346      0.28%     99.49% |         629      0.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       122646                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         928     20.36%     20.36% |          52      1.14%     21.51% |        2665     58.48%     79.99% |         912     20.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         4557                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |         901      0.71%      0.71% |      121587     95.99%     96.70% |        2826      2.23%     98.93% |        1356      1.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total       126670                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |        2865     22.94%     22.94% |        5069     40.59%     63.54% |        2299     18.41%     81.95% |        2254     18.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total        12487                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |         889      2.53%      2.53% |       32314     92.12%     94.66% |         602      1.72%     96.37% |        1272      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        35077                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        3341     40.98%     40.98% |          62      0.76%     41.74% |        2639     32.37%     74.12% |        2110     25.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         8152                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |        1365      4.44%      4.44% |       27307     88.83%     93.27% |         942      3.06%     96.33% |        1128      3.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total        30742                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        6045247      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        3303905      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE         4055      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        9069956      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      1564882      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean      1087799      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       2661264      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        2652681      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          13208      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean        15550      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              16565      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all           9332      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          12678      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      9101606      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      1624637      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      1036627      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       238889      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         1238      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE         4055      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          356      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean         7187      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      4169009      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX      2265021      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement      1563743      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean      1063526      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        12678      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         1019      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      9069956      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement          783      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        17086      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      2652681      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data          591      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean          141      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all           51      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data         9018      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean         6330      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all         1738      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          16065      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all         7187      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            500      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          356      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data      1624637      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data      1036627      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           20      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock         5293      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS           13      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      9096313      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         3593      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean         9053      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           32      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean           26      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        12646      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.307020                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1307020427000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               53498143910001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 126995                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   171424                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              298662454                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2088360                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4376.25                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   555761315                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     750191973                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     86525888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          86525888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     51261312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       51261312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1351967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            1351967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       800958                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            800958                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     66200869                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             66200869                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     39219978                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            39219978                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    105420847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           105420847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    1351967                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    800958                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  1351967                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  800958                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              86478848                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  47040                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               51261824                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               86525888                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            51261312                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   735                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            86730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            83423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            85345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            87785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            85852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            84066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            83618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            85141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            83389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            83589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           85124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           82868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           82905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           83053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           83302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           85042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            52191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            49701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            50912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            52322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            51511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            50236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            49820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            50032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            49142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            49456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           49731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           48688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           48927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           49024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           48996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           50277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1307015221500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              1351967                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              800958                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                1348558                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   2646                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 49476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 49986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 49989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 49985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 49999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 49990                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 50005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 50003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 49988                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 49979                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 49977                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 49970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 49962                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 49958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 49950                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 49952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       989813                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   139.158083                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    94.013066                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   186.758298                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       706586     71.39%     71.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       159067     16.07%     87.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        34799      3.52%     90.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        22126      2.24%     93.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        17665      1.78%     94.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767        13777      1.39%     96.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895        16460      1.66%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         6410      0.65%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        12923      1.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       989813                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        49947                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     27.054498                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.029254                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-15            75      0.15%      0.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-31        36243     72.56%     72.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-47        10989     22.00%     94.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-63         1345      2.69%     97.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-79          430      0.86%     98.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-95          264      0.53%     98.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::96-111          275      0.55%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::112-127          182      0.36%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-143           73      0.15%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::144-159           45      0.09%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::160-175           12      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::176-191            3      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::192-207            2      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::208-223            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::224-239            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::240-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-271            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::336-351            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        49947                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        49947                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.036318                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.034253                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.267506                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           49032     98.17%     98.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              28      0.06%     98.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18             877      1.76%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19               8      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        49947                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 29129436168                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            54465036168                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                6756160000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    21557.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               40307.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       66.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       39.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    66.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    39.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  739062                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 423319                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                54.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               52.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    607088.13                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   54.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              3822260400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              2085558750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             5372359200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            2637185040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         85836791040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        268642314990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        552865654500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          921262123920                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           701.008867                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 913589992001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  43644120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 349781360999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              3688902000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              2012793750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             5266209000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            2555472240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         85836791040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        266485954545                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        554757198750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          920603321325                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           700.507570                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 916212148500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  43644120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 347159413750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     86493248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          86493248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     51276288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       51276288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1351457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            1351457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       801192                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            801192                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     66175896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             66175896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     39231436                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            39231436                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    105407332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           105407332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    1351457                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    801192                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  1351457                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  801192                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              86474240                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  19008                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               51276736                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               86493248                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            51276288                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   297                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            87048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            83812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            84318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            86916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            85174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            84113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            84091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            85201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            83662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            83516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           85259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           82988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           83109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           83068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           83633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           85252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            52259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            49843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            50150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            52584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            50963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            50308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            50126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            50173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            49099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            49376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           49872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           48803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           48893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           49077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           49317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           50356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1307019135500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              1351457                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              801192                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                1348751                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   2390                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   804                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 49561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 49996                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 50000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 50003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 50020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 50004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 50027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 50005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 50019                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 50005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 50001                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 49992                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 49980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 49980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 49972                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 49972                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      1007969                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   136.661981                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    92.439529                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   184.861774                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       737890     73.21%     73.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       145093     14.39%     87.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        35353      3.51%     91.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        22819      2.26%     93.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        17983      1.78%     95.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767        14060      1.39%     96.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895        15468      1.53%     98.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         6337      0.63%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        12966      1.29%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      1007969                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        49970                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     27.040524                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.331271                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-15            57      0.11%      0.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-31        36554     73.15%     73.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-47        10879     21.77%     95.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-63         1078      2.16%     97.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-79          394      0.79%     97.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-95          368      0.74%     98.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::96-111          302      0.60%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::112-127          202      0.40%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-143           63      0.13%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::144-159           34      0.07%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::160-175           15      0.03%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::176-191            7      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::192-207            1      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::208-223            4      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::224-239            8      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::240-255            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-271            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::304-319            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        49970                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        49970                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.033600                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.031688                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.257396                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           49122     98.30%     98.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              28      0.06%     98.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18             811      1.62%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19               7      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        49970                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 28655600424                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            53989850424                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                6755800000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    21208.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               39958.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       66.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       39.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    66.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    39.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  738134                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 406255                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                54.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               50.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    607167.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   53.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              3879920520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              2117020125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             5362149000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            2634994800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         85836791040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        268129420155                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        553315562250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          921275857890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           701.019318                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 914521279751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  43644120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 348854247749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              3768402960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              2056172250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             5276013600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            2559276000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         85836791040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        266446314180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        554791971000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          920734941030                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           700.607722                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 916331560499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  43644120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 347040276751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2613391446                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2950934                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      5874036                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              5780747                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  8646                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     140904                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       422098                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     5780747                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         8646                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           11629457                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           4675915                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               14044                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               6868                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             3088022                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            1907667                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      1362833                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     805397                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    557436                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2596619105.801644                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              16772340.198356                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.006418                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.993582                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           628540                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                56592      0.96%      0.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  4426141     75.35%     76.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    6328      0.11%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    15883      0.27%     76.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   6480      0.11%     76.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     76.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  805397     13.71%     90.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 557436      9.49%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   5874289                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2614822708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  536907985                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    714923844                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            514474143                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             331133419                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     548246                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     31914460                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   514474143                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    331133419                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         1081520610                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         344333790                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           564066537                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          276721017                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           223311705                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          243146146                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    154194590                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   95550351                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  58644239                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              51242373.905092                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2563580334.094908                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.980403                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.019597                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         34508888                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               979640      0.14%      0.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                448408145     62.72%     62.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   28658      0.00%     62.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   147497      0.02%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              111173804     15.55%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                95550351     13.36%     91.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               58644239      8.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 714932382                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      2615794635                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    2044251                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      4093631                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              4007025                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1927                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     102876                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       302414                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     4007025                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                         1927                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            8197438                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           3246538                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                3066                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes               1504                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             2225767                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1281906                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       999050                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     607612                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    391438                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              2603190572.500773                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              12604062.499227                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.004818                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.995182                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           438852                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                47403      1.16%      1.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  3027541     73.95%     75.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    5320      0.13%     75.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    13081      0.32%     75.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                   1402      0.03%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  607612     14.84%     90.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 391438      9.56%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   4093813                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      2607952760                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   11033565                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     19886609                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             19668464                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  8019                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     409369                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1431077                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    19668464                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         8019                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           39332157                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          16232501                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               13204                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               6343                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            11505914                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            7977160                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      4246290                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    2669324                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1576966                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              2561416860.996147                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              46535899.003853                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.017844                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.982156                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1955043                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                62874      0.32%      0.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 15527269     78.08%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   30744      0.15%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    13614      0.07%     78.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   6055      0.03%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 2669324     13.42%     92.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1576966      7.93%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  19886846                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 4335                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                4335                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3723                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3723                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               365                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              365                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         3068                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          652                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          914                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2200                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          660                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2620                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         4882                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         6702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   16846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          332                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          332                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          332                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1332                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1332                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1534                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1828                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3494                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          537                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1748                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3629                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1892                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2441                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         6081                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    19184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                81500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              2333483                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             6199000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1149994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1295770                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1163995                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1172493                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              491998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             3871000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1717500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             2098500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             5619000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            2                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes         8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            2                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples              184462944                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.493185                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 1.924700                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |   173098440     93.84%     93.84% |       12852      0.01%     93.85% |    11347246      6.15%    100.00% |        1185      0.00%    100.00% |        3094      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |          91      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                184462944                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   1897785211                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000786                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1897784040    100.00%    100.00% |        1171      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   1897785211                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     1897785211                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.746513                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.092175                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        10.533984                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  1897620398     99.99%     99.99% |      156420      0.01%    100.00% |        7477      0.00%    100.00% |         836      0.00%    100.00% |          76      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       1897785211                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1818187651                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1818187651    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1818187651                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     79597560                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    18.798561                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     8.184191                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    48.395760                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    79432747     99.79%     99.79% |      156420      0.20%     99.99% |        7477      0.01%    100.00% |         836      0.00%    100.00% |          76      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     79597560                      
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits      1218148                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses       149561                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses      1367709                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits      3748419                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses       152842                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses      3901261                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits    128928761                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses     38237514                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses    167166275                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits    765282999                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses       855252                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses    766138251                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits       877486                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses       125339                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses      1002825                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits      2579039                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses       118967                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses      2698006                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits      3870856                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses       378065                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses      4248921                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits     14213459                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses       223171                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses     14436630                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits        208256                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses        94147                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses       302403                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits      29828281                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses      9264485                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses     39092766                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits        164636                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses        79670                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses       244306                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits        444438                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses       156798                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses       601236                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      6869524                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      2725576                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      9595100                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            56                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.013710                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0        94147                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2        24258                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1       100720                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1        65323                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2        65649                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        20266                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         7912                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        24126                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0       753176                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       194064                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7251840                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       522584                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       525192                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1459152                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       569664                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       193008                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     1.573887                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0      9264485                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11576                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1      9269970                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1      9061354                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9055131                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      5586807                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          317                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3461852                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0     74115880                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        92608                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    667437840                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     72490832                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     72441048                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    402250104                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        22824                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     27694816                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.012226                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0        79670                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2        25296                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1        93571                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1        54487                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::2        55485                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        18095                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4307                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        19686                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0       637360                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       202368                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6737112                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       435896                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       443880                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1302840                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       310104                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       157488                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.025835                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0       156798                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2        22289                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1       163988                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1       131264                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::2       127790                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        79335                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4320                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        34437                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0      1254384                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       178312                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11807136                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1050112                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1022320                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5712120                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       311040                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       275496                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     2.053978                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0     12298524                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2        58665                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1     13889460                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1     13068544                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9304055                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      5704503                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        16856                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3540101                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0     98388192                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       469320                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1000041120                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    104548352                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     74432440                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    410724216                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1213632                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     28320808                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.216355                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0      1351967                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2152883                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1894418                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           66                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0     10815736                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    155007576                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     15155344                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.216315                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0      1351457                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2152604                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1893244                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0     10811656                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    154987488                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     15145952                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.000003                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.316350                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0     12298524                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2        83419                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1     13911614                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1     13084317                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9304055                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      5704503                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        16856                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3540231                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0     98388192                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       667352                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1001636208                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    104674536                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     74432440                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    410724216                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1213632                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     28321848                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        36895572                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       225503                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     41734812                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     67165116                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     17164077                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     10621077                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        295164576                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      1804024                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   3004906464                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    537320928                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data   1235813544                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     84968616                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.017263                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        24258                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        91585                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        54004                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       194064                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6594120                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       432032                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.010158                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        94147                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9135                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        11319                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        65649                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        20266                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         7912                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        24126                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       753176                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       657720                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        90552                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       525192                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1459152                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       569664                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       193008                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     1.767988                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11576                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      9262922                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      9053986                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        92608                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    666930384                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     72431888                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     1.379787                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      9264485                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         7048                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         7368                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9055131                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      5586807                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          317                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3461852                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     74115880                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       507456                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        58944                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     72441048                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    402250104                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        22824                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     27694816                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014697                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        25296                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        77929                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        41702                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       202368                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5610888                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       333616                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.009755                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        79670                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        15642                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        12785                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        55485                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        18095                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4307                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        19686                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       637360                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1126224                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       102280                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       443880                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1302840                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       310104                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       157488                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.029381                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        22289                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       155054                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       118295                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       178312                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11163888                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       946360                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.022289                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       156798                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         8934                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        12969                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       127790                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        79335                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         4320                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        34437                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1254384                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       643248                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       103752                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1022320                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5712120                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       311040                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       275496                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     1.934813                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      9595100                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2722061                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2723550                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9304055                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      5704503                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        16856                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3540101                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     76760800                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    195988392                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     21788400                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     74432440                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    410724216                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1213632                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     28320808                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     2.173143                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      2703424                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        58665                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1     11167399                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1     10344994                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     21627392                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       469320                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    804052728                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     82759952                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.174194                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1351967                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       800914                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       546741                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           66                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     10815736                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     57665808                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4373928                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.258517                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1351969                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1347677                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     97341768                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     10781416                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.174211                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1351457                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       801147                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       546039                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     10811656                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     57682584                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4368312                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.258419                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1351457                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1347205                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     97304904                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     10777640                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000003                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000002                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.link_utilization     0.017263                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        24258                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1        91585                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1        54004                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       194064                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6594120                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       432032                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.link_utilization     1.767988                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11576                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1      9262922                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1      9053986                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        92608                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    666930384                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     72431888                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.link_utilization     0.014697                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2        25296                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        77929                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1        41702                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       202368                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5610888                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       333616                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.link_utilization     0.029381                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2        22289                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1       155054                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1       118295                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       178312                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11163888                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       946360                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.link_utilization     1.934813                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0      9595100                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2722061                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2723550                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9304055                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      5704503                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        16856                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3540101                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0     76760800                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    195988392                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     21788400                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     74432440                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    410724216                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1213632                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     28320808                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.link_utilization     0.174194                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0      1351967                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1       800914                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1       546741                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           66                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0     10815736                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     57665808                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4373928                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.link_utilization     0.174211                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0      1351457                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       801147                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       546039                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0     10811656                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     57682584                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4368312                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.link_utilization     0.000003                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle12.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      55681172                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.627192                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        3.222118                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    44361647     79.67%     79.67% |        4667      0.01%     79.68% |    11310639     20.31%     99.99% |        1094      0.00%     99.99% |        2998      0.01%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |          91      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        55681172                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples     127718497                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.002900                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.145111                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |   127657928     99.95%     99.95% |       15590      0.01%     99.96% |        3121      0.00%     99.97% |        5064      0.00%     99.97% |       36250      0.03%    100.00% |         357      0.00%    100.00% |          76      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          71      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total       127718497                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       1063275                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000015                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.005486                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     1063267    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         1063275                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    220918092                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       4.815750                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.639730                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     22.074968                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   220836509     99.96%     99.96% |       77995      0.04%    100.00% |        2946      0.00%    100.00% |         566      0.00%    100.00% |          72      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     220918092                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    167673524                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   167673524    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    167673524                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     53244568                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    16.832004                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     7.782453                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    42.797690                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    53162985     99.85%     99.85% |       77995      0.15%     99.99% |        2946      0.01%    100.00% |         566      0.00%    100.00% |          72      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     53244568                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    119766652                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       5.499006                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.547474                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     28.372289                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   119649093     99.90%     99.90% |       35199      0.03%     99.93% |       63375      0.05%     99.98% |       14206      0.01%    100.00% |        3479      0.00%    100.00% |        1030      0.00%    100.00% |         232      0.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     119766652                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     95997642                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    95997642    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     95997642                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     23769010                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    23.669470                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     9.025463                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    60.367468                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    23651451     99.51%     99.51% |       35199      0.15%     99.65% |       63375      0.27%     99.92% |       14206      0.06%     99.98% |        3479      0.01%     99.99% |        1030      0.00%    100.00% |         232      0.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     23769010                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   1555804751                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.019984                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.003387                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.002969                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  1555802886    100.00%    100.00% |        1240      0.00%    100.00% |         573      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   1555804751                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1553457995                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1553457995    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1553457995                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2346756                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    14.248500                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     9.406952                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    22.173067                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     2344891     99.92%     99.92% |        1240      0.05%     99.97% |         573      0.02%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2346756                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       635148                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     4.963879                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.796215                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    19.682514                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      631475     99.42%     99.42% |        3242      0.51%     99.93% |         123      0.02%     99.95% |         139      0.02%     99.97% |         108      0.02%     99.99% |          47      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       635148                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       455578                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      455578    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       455578                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       179570                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    15.020438                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     7.937400                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    35.060878                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      175897     97.95%     97.95% |        3242      1.81%     99.76% |         123      0.07%     99.83% |         139      0.08%     99.91% |         108      0.06%     99.97% |          47      0.03%     99.99% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       179570                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       330284                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     4.979436                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.594938                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    18.448577                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      328334     99.41%     99.41% |        1797      0.54%     99.95% |          27      0.01%     99.96% |          50      0.02%     99.98% |          46      0.01%     99.99% |          20      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       330284                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       272628                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      272628    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       272628                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        57656                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    23.796309                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    14.501869                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    38.997048                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       55706     96.62%     96.62% |        1797      3.12%     99.73% |          27      0.05%     99.78% |          50      0.09%     99.87% |          46      0.08%     99.95% |          20      0.03%     99.98% |           6      0.01%     99.99% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        57656                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       330284                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      330284    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       330284                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       330284                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      330284    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       330284                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |     1351967     50.01%     50.01% |     1351457     49.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      2703424                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      800914     49.99%     49.99% |      801147     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1602061                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     1351967     50.01%     50.01% |     1351457     49.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      2703424                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      800958     49.99%     49.99% |      801192     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1602150                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      546741     50.03%     50.03% |      546039     49.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      1092780                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |     1351967     50.01%     50.01% |     1351457     49.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      2703424                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |          44     49.44%     49.44% |          45     50.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total           89                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |          44     49.44%     49.44% |          45     50.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total           89                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      800892     49.99%     49.99% |      801128     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1602020                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |          20     51.28%     51.28% |          19     48.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total           39                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      546741     50.03%     50.03% |      546039     49.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      1092780                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     1351967     50.01%     50.01% |     1351457     49.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      2703424                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      800892     49.99%     49.99% |      801128     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1602020                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |          20     51.28%     51.28% |          19     48.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total           39                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |          20     51.28%     51.28% |          19     48.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total           39                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total              2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total             128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |      761806      0.68%      0.68% |   108270096     96.66%     97.34% |      571582      0.51%     97.85% |     2413265      2.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total    112016749                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3901261      0.50%      0.50% |   766138251     97.33%     97.82% |     2698006      0.34%     98.17% |    14436630      1.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    787174148                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |      605903      0.98%      0.98% |    58896179     95.35%     96.33% |      431243      0.70%     97.03% |     1835656      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total     61768981                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |       42933      8.79%      8.79% |      366890     75.14%     83.93% |       39206      8.03%     91.96% |       39246      8.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total       488275                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |      288818      0.72%      0.72% |    38866131     97.24%     97.96% |      229715      0.57%     98.53% |      586562      1.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total     39971226                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |      144151     13.90%     13.90% |      542513     52.30%     66.20% |      126271     12.17%     78.38% |      224279     21.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total      1037214                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      158252      0.40%      0.40% |    38550253     98.33%     98.74% |      118035      0.30%     99.04% |      376957      0.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total     39203497                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      108031      0.40%      0.40% |    26350363     98.30%     98.71% |       88132      0.33%     99.04% |      258513      0.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     26805039                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      152842     11.32%     11.32% |      855252     63.34%     74.66% |      118967      8.81%     83.47% |      223171     16.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total      1350232                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       39563      0.33%      0.33% |    11885796     98.40%     98.73% |       35882      0.30%     99.02% |      118115      0.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store::total     12079356                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |       31316     13.93%     13.93% |      141617     62.98%     76.90% |       25950     11.54%     88.44% |       25990     11.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total       224873                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       72063     16.37%     16.37% |      129571     29.43%     45.80% |       67844     15.41%     61.21% |      170785     38.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       440263                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     2785122     11.36%     11.36% |    11503315     46.91%     58.26% |     2065552      8.42%     66.69% |     8169420     33.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     24523409                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        1967     32.33%     32.33% |        1355     22.27%     54.60% |        1325     21.78%     76.38% |        1437     23.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         6084                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        4361      5.15%      5.15% |       68871     81.39%     86.55% |        4897      5.79%     92.34% |        6485      7.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        84614                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |      137827     14.56%     14.56% |      472281     49.90%     64.46% |      120070     12.69%     77.14% |      216326     22.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total       946504                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |      202185      0.39%      0.39% |    51497471     98.43%     98.81% |      148161      0.28%     99.10% |      472634      0.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     52320451                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |      963297      0.13%      0.13% |   753779684     99.01%     99.14% |      513487      0.07%     99.21% |     6044039      0.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total    761300507                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       23257      0.36%      0.36% |     6328933     97.67%     98.03% |       17012      0.26%     98.29% |      110513      1.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      6479715                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        3154      1.96%      1.96% |      149994     93.05%     95.01% |        4557      2.83%     97.84% |        3488      2.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total       161193                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |       90308      0.44%      0.44% |    20184176     98.57%     99.01% |       59224      0.29%     99.30% |      143457      0.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total     20477165                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      379527      1.17%      1.17% |    30292691     93.35%     94.52% |      267445      0.82%     95.34% |     1511333      4.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     32450996                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      541116      1.25%      1.25% |    40680095     94.16%     95.41% |      377024      0.87%     96.28% |     1605591      3.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     43203826                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        4102     23.31%     23.31% |        6407     36.42%     59.73% |        3802     21.61%     81.34% |        3283     18.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        17594                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |       60683      0.33%      0.33% |    18209674     98.18%     98.51% |       50421      0.27%     98.78% |      226779      1.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total     18547557                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data |      116822     14.34%     14.34% |      416739     51.14%     65.48% |      100216     12.30%     77.77% |      181122     22.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data::total       814899                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive |       36020      6.73%      6.73% |      438513     81.91%     88.64% |       18751      3.50%     92.15% |       42049      7.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive::total       535333                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       27329     12.29%     12.29% |      125774     56.57%     68.87% |       26055     11.72%     80.59% |       43157     19.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total       222315                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       80702      0.30%      0.30% |    26224589     98.65%     98.96% |       62077      0.23%     99.19% |      215356      0.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total     26582724                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |       39563      0.33%      0.33% |    11885797     98.40%     98.73% |       35882      0.30%     99.02% |      118115      0.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total     12079357                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |        1967     32.34%     32.34% |        1354     22.26%     54.59% |        1325     21.78%     76.38% |        1437     23.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total         6083                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      260873      0.93%      0.93% |    27205615     96.63%     97.55% |      207099      0.74%     98.29% |      481684      1.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     28155271                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |       41530      0.34%      0.34% |    11887152     98.36%     98.70% |       37207      0.31%     99.01% |      119552      0.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     12085441                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |      150991      0.39%      0.39% |    38393850     98.38%     98.77% |      109645      0.28%     99.05% |      370236      0.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total     39024722                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |        4102     23.31%     23.31% |        6407     36.42%     59.73% |        3802     21.61%     81.34% |        3283     18.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total        17594                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       19231     31.37%     31.37% |        7685     12.54%     43.91% |       17092     27.88%     71.79% |       17289     28.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        61297                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |       61974      6.89%      6.89% |      730064     81.22%     88.12% |       50330      5.60%     93.72% |       56486      6.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       898854                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |       23892     30.75%     30.75% |        3716      4.78%     35.53% |       28082     36.14%     71.68% |       22006     28.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        77696                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       73832      0.77%      0.77% |     9259963     97.12%     97.89% |       61562      0.65%     98.54% |      139627      1.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      9534984                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         919     26.37%     26.37% |         734     21.06%     47.43% |         766     21.98%     69.41% |        1066     30.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         3485                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        4108     22.04%     22.04% |        3157     16.94%     38.98% |        7438     39.91%     78.89% |        3934     21.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        18637                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |         661     40.30%     40.30% |         529     32.26%     72.56% |          80      4.88%     77.44% |         370     22.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         1640                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       39449      0.67%      0.67% |     5757958     97.27%     97.93% |       33839      0.57%     98.51% |       88472      1.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      5919718                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        7496     40.22%     40.22% |        2446     13.12%     53.35% |        4076     21.87%     75.22% |        4619     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        18637                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       43979      1.21%      1.21% |     3501989     96.01%     97.22% |       39934      1.09%     98.31% |       61593      1.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      3647495                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |       38831      8.25%      8.25% |      360483     76.59%     84.84% |       35404      7.52%     92.36% |       35963      7.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total       470681                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        6389     45.21%     45.21% |        3235     22.89%     68.10% |        2100     14.86%     82.95% |        2409     17.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        14133                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        3223     34.84%     34.84% |        2092     22.62%     57.46% |        1821     19.69%     77.15% |        2114     22.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         9250                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       44392      0.48%      0.48% |     9048659     97.88%     98.36% |       37781      0.41%     98.77% |      113772      1.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      9244604                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       75443      1.21%      1.21% |     5969758     95.83%     97.04% |       62100      1.00%     98.04% |      122099      1.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      6229400                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       16141      0.48%      0.48% |     3293164     98.07%     98.55% |       15828      0.47%     99.02% |       32954      0.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      3358087                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |        2413     19.65%     19.65% |        5417     44.12%     63.77% |        1656     13.49%     77.26% |        2792     22.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total        12278                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      106283     14.75%     14.75% |      330299     45.84%     60.59% |       94115     13.06%     73.65% |      189904     26.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       720601                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        2187     31.59%     31.59% |        1533     22.15%     53.74% |        1560     22.54%     76.28% |        1642     23.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         6922                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |       28799     10.05%     10.05% |      209536     73.13%     83.18% |       23033      8.04%     91.22% |       25153      8.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       286521                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |        6878     29.95%     29.95% |         953      4.15%     34.10% |        7814     34.02%     68.12% |        7322     31.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        22967                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |        1874     27.04%     27.04% |         414      5.97%     33.01% |        3895     56.20%     89.21% |         748     10.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total         6931                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |         376     54.41%     54.41% |          30      4.34%     58.76% |         182     26.34%     85.09% |         103     14.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total          691                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |        8297     27.33%     27.33% |        1946      6.41%     33.74% |       10509     34.62%     68.36% |        9607     31.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total        30359                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |       29440     10.14%     10.14% |      211304     72.77%     82.91% |       23781      8.19%     91.10% |       25855      8.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total       290380                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |       38036      0.66%      0.66% |     5635649     97.33%     97.99% |       30322      0.52%     98.51% |       86352      1.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total      5790359                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |         403      0.32%      0.32% |      122145     98.14%     98.46% |         709      0.57%     99.03% |        1203      0.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       124460                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |        1004     20.44%     20.44% |         163      3.32%     23.76% |        2790     56.81%     80.57% |         954     19.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         4911                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv    |         608     33.76%     33.76% |           5      0.28%     34.04% |         619     34.37%     68.41% |         569     31.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv::total         1801                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |         336      0.27%      0.27% |      121994     98.26%     98.53% |         653      0.53%     99.05% |        1177      0.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total       124160                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           2      9.09%      9.09% |           5     22.73%     31.82% |          12     54.55%     86.36% |           3     13.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |         326     12.53%     12.53% |         120      4.61%     17.14% |        1960     75.33%     92.47% |         196      7.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total         2602                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |      112955      0.34%      0.34% |    32758201     98.57%     98.91% |       79323      0.24%     99.15% |      283884      0.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total     33234363                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |        1785      4.64%      4.64% |       33351     86.75%     91.39% |        1423      3.70%     95.09% |        1887      4.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        38446                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |        4064     37.05%     37.05% |         742      6.76%     43.81% |        3437     31.33%     75.14% |        2727     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        10970                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |       77273      0.36%      0.36% |    20905144     98.62%     98.98% |       46989      0.22%     99.20% |      168933      0.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     21198339                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |       22826      0.26%      0.26% |     8592424     98.54%     98.80% |       19637      0.23%     99.03% |       84853      0.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total      8719740                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |        7912     46.94%     46.94% |         317      1.88%     48.82% |        4307     25.55%     74.37% |        4320     25.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total        16856                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       44056      0.48%      0.48% |     8926665     97.88%     98.36% |       37128      0.41%     98.77% |      112595      1.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      9120444                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         917     26.48%     26.48% |         729     21.05%     47.53% |         754     21.77%     69.30% |        1063     30.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         3463                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        3782     23.59%     23.59% |        3037     18.94%     42.53% |        5478     34.16%     76.69% |        3738     23.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        16035                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       39449      0.67%      0.67% |     5757958     97.27%     97.93% |       33839      0.57%     98.51% |       88472      1.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      5919718                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        7496     40.22%     40.22% |        2446     13.12%     53.35% |        4076     21.87%     75.22% |        4619     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        18637                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       28498      9.79%      9.79% |      209354     71.93%     81.72% |       24185      8.31%     90.03% |       29008      9.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       291045                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |         661     40.30%     40.30% |         529     32.26%     72.56% |          80      4.88%     77.44% |         370     22.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         1640                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       15481      0.46%      0.46% |     3292635     98.10%     98.56% |       15749      0.47%     99.03% |       32585      0.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      3356450                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        6389     45.21%     45.21% |        3235     22.89%     68.10% |        2100     14.86%     82.95% |        2409     17.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        14133                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        3223     34.84%     34.84% |        2092     22.62%     57.46% |        1821     19.69%     77.15% |        2114     22.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total         9250                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       44392      0.48%      0.48% |     9048659     97.88%     98.36% |       37781      0.41%     98.77% |      113772      1.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      9244604                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.Store |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.Store::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       28799     10.05%     10.05% |      209536     73.13%     83.18% |       23033      8.04%     91.22% |       25153      8.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       286521                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        6878     29.95%     29.95% |         953      4.15%     34.10% |        7814     34.02%     68.12% |        7322     31.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        22967                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |       35677     11.53%     11.53% |      210489     68.01%     79.54% |       30847      9.97%     89.51% |       32475     10.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total       309488                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |         135     17.18%     17.18% |         184     23.41%     40.59% |         255     32.44%     73.03% |         212     26.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total          786                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |         403      0.32%      0.32% |      122145     98.14%     98.46% |         709      0.57%     99.03% |        1203      0.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       124460                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        1004     20.44%     20.44% |         163      3.32%     23.76% |        2790     56.81%     80.57% |         954     19.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         4911                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |        1272      0.99%      0.99% |      122124     94.98%     95.96% |        3244      2.52%     98.49% |        1945      1.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total       128585                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |        3967     23.60%     23.60% |        6223     37.02%     60.63% |        3547     21.10%     81.73% |        3071     18.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total        16808                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        1785      4.64%      4.64% |       33351     86.75%     91.39% |        1423      3.70%     95.09% |        1887      4.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        38446                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        4064     37.05%     37.05% |         742      6.76%     43.81% |        3437     31.33%     75.14% |        2727     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        10970                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |        1882      5.77%      5.77% |       27870     85.47%     91.24% |        1313      4.03%     95.27% |        1543      4.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total        32608                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        6229637      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        3358094      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE         7613      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        9244604      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      1592722      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean      1102078      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       2703424      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        2694841      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          16599      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean        18894      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              18231      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all          10437      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          18637      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      9285418      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv             82      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      1651131      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      1052293      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       290985      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         1640      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE         7610      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          578      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean         8058      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      4268617      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX      2300672      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement      1591066      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean      1076443      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv           39      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        18637      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         3485      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      9244604      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         1078      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        17577      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      2694841      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv           39      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data          794      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean          235      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all           51      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data         9298      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean         6529      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all         1750      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          17495      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all         8058      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            736      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          578      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS           30      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data      1651101      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data           30      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data      1052293      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           80      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock         9250      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS          152      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      9276168      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         6498      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean        12094      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           45      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean           36      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        18592      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
