
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.333924                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2333924128500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               55159130448001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 126441                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   229194                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              224790193                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1848724                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 10382.68                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1312800091                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2379643251                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     38641536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          38641536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     19335424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       19335424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       603774                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             603774                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       302116                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            302116                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     16556466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             16556466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      8284513                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             8284513                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     24840979                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            24840979                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     603774                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    302116                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   603774                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  302116                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              38617984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  23552                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               19334400                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               38641536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            19335424                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   368                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    9                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            37832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            37112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            36034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            36260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            36906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            35754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            36186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            37701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            37924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            37619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           38963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           38397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           37894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           39362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           39978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           39484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            19343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            18670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            17734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            18065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            18455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            17212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            17486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            18411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            18648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            18548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           19713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           19390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           19235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           20175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           20829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           20186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 2333924136000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               603774                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              302116                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 603136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    262                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 14163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 14767                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 16207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 17244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 17358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 17245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 17196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 17125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 17101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 17083                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 17079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 17123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 17088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 17069                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 17081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 17059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 17055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 17055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       354828                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   163.324383                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.583733                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   203.669603                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       190134     53.58%     53.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       114165     32.17%     85.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        16892      4.76%     90.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7780      2.19%     92.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6193      1.75%     94.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4224      1.19%     95.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2984      0.84%     96.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2563      0.72%     97.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         9893      2.79%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       354828                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17055                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     35.375198                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    50.565083                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        16604     97.36%     97.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          371      2.18%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           56      0.33%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           13      0.08%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            6      0.04%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        17055                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17055                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.713281                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.698025                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.717926                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16            2311     13.55%     13.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             556      3.26%     16.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           13947     81.78%     98.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19             199      1.17%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              37      0.22%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               5      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        17055                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  4600602249                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            15914464749                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                3017030000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     7624.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               26374.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       16.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        8.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    16.56                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     8.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  441784                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 108892                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                73.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               36.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   2576388.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   60.81                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              1323808920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy               722316375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             2359780800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy             942891840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        153144707040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        250719078240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1186893904500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1596106487715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           680.728099                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1967342835000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  77934740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 288643814500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              1393330680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy               760249875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             2492622600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            1019349360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        153144707040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        258434557200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1180125940500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1597370757255                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           681.267301                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1955881788750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  77934740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 300107284750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     41650688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          41650688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     27274496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       27274496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       650792                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             650792                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       426164                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            426164                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     17845776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             17845776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     11686111                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            11686111                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     29531887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            29531887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     650792                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    426164                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   650792                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  426164                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              41626880                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  23808                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               27274688                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               41650688                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            27274496                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   372                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            41361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            39896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            39196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            39658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            39516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            38637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            39214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            40284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            40590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            40703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           41945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           40755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           41059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           41879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           43073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           42654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            27139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            26314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            25693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            26107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            26118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            25027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            25284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            25980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            26396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            26454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           27455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           26914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           27030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           27839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           28504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           27913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 2333923936000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               650792                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              426164                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 650295                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    125                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 20158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 20868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 22661                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 24379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 24387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 24417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 24298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 24154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 24131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 24096                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 24091                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 24090                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 24103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 24074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 24084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 24050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 24051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 24051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       418690                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   164.564179                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   108.622536                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   201.521602                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       256969     61.37%     61.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        84963     20.29%     81.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        24644      5.89%     87.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        12405      2.96%     90.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        21128      5.05%     95.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         5217      1.25%     96.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2640      0.63%     97.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2349      0.56%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         8375      2.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       418690                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        24049                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     27.044451                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    44.773629                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        23967     99.66%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           73      0.30%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            4      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        24049                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        24049                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.720778                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.705897                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.708987                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16            3211     13.35%     13.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             607      2.52%     15.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           19988     83.11%     98.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19             191      0.79%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              39      0.16%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               9      0.04%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        24049                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  5244010999                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            17439385999                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                3252100000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     8062.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               26812.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       17.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       11.69                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    17.85                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    11.69                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  484026                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 173869                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                74.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               40.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   2167148.83                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   61.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              1561457520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy               851985750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             2546637600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            1346466240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        153144707040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        224334832455                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1210037971500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1593824058105                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           679.754663                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2006093132500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  77934740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 249893302000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              1638486360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy               894015375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             2672443800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            1419644880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        153144707040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        231146936370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1204062450000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1594978683825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           680.247099                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1995924067000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  77934740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 260062251500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      4665112768                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1297397151                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   2348616489                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           1506647135                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses            1130300403                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     801794                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    160861232                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  1506647135                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                   1130300403                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         2939981128                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        1033731124                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads          1382500491                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes         1075410492                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           938962260                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          528034325                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    388303566                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  349926876                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  38376690                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              20476647.080480                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              4644636120.919520                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.995611                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.004389                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        166252810                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              3900944      0.17%      0.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               1228717618     52.32%     52.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                 4265643      0.18%     52.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                      699      0.00%     52.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd              723444344     30.80%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               349926876     14.90%     98.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               38376690      1.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                2348632814                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      4665925297                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    5113602                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     10254845                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             10074500                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1893                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     261509                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       889550                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    10074500                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         1893                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           19880394                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           8197823                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                3183                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               1511                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             6594968                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            3513312                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      2253336                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1464795                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    788541                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              4645131407.770848                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              20793889.229151                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.004457                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.995543                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1201760                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                73929      0.72%      0.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  7892745     76.97%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   11537      0.11%     77.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    21955      0.21%     78.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   1434      0.01%     78.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1464795     14.28%     92.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 788541      7.69%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  10254936                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      4666842584                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    1919729                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      4105735                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              4019895                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    39                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     107868                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       322549                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     4019895                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           39                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            8025947                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           3320382                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  63                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                 31                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             2485873                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1261628                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       926190                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     576486                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    349704                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              4658893041.092711                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              7949542.907288                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.001703                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.998297                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           465352                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                71316      1.74%      1.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  3075638     74.91%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    7392      0.18%     76.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    25192      0.61%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                     30      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  576486     14.04%     91.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 349704      8.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   4105758                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      4669813472                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    3623730                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      7448581                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              7237822                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                   372                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     164144                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       589852                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     7237822                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                          372                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           14109590                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           5971793                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                 596                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                261                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             4509093                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            2769556                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1518710                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     943329                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    575381                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              4653476346.802750                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              16337125.197251                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.003498                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.996502                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           813507                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                77280      1.04%      1.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  5818030     78.11%     79.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    8228      0.11%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    26175      0.35%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                    244      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  943329     12.66%     92.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 575381      7.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   7448667                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  401                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 401                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3039                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3039                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                54                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               54                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           86                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          562                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1774                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1840                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    6988                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          172                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2700                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          260                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           87                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2396                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2759                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          220                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2444                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2697                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    11072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1559000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                20997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              113500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1664454                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1529488                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1526490                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1553489                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               75960                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1213500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1283500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1366500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1199500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages          356                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      1458176                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs          356                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   2273713332                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.001963                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001361                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.044259                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2269250763     99.80%     99.80% |     4462569      0.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   2273713332                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     2273713332                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.065554                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.003698                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         2.920112                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  2273647343    100.00%    100.00% |       43059      0.00%    100.00% |        5696      0.00%    100.00% |        5019      0.00%    100.00% |        9714      0.00%    100.00% |        2408      0.00%    100.00% |          72      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       2273713332                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2272382935                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.004216                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001011                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.205281                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |  2271424969     99.96%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |      957861      0.04%    100.00% |         105      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2272382935                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1330397                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   105.835116                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    97.628768                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    59.313452                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     1264408     95.04%     95.04% |       43059      3.24%     98.28% |        5696      0.43%     98.70% |        5019      0.38%     99.08% |        9714      0.73%     99.81% |        2408      0.18%     99.99% |          72      0.01%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1330397                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr           30                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits    391289139                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1996794                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    393285933                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits   1861731188                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        30210                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1861761398                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       797088                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      1229916                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      2027004                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles        108521                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      2164746                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        90336                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      2255082                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      6594957                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        36072                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      6631029                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        83327                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        43081                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       126408                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            35                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits       905679                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20056                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       925735                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      2488919                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        23179                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      2512098                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        26486                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        16749                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        43235                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1459692                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        60941                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1520633                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      4790649                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        30775                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4821424                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        51065                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        40651                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        91716                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles            30                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.142677                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1229916                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1236521                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::4      3778158                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       698973                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1185934                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1185934                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       486961                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       123428                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1229916                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      9839328                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     89029512                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     30225264                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     50326056                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      9487472                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      9487472                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      3895688                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       987424                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      9839328                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.018037                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        43081                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        59929                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1386921                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         3673                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         5195                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         5195                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         1522                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1310273                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        43081                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       344648                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4314888                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     11095368                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       264456                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        41560                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        41560                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        12176                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     10482184                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       344648                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.015994                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        16749                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::3           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::4        28520                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1359454                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1336592                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        16749                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       133992                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2053440                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     10875632                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     10692736                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       133992                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.019919                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        40651                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::3            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::4       104129                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1352348                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         2663                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         4780                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         4780                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         2117                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1312692                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        40651                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       325208                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      7497288                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     10818784                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       191736                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        38240                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        38240                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        16936                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     10501536                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       325208                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.061569                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::2       647618                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::3           27                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11524                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::4       592520                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::4        45961                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       290592                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11524                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       574246                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       574246                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       283654                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       659115                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       647618                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5180944                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       829728                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     42661440                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       367688                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     20922624                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        92192                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      4593968                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      4593968                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2269232                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      5272920                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      5180944                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.070475                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::2       682779                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11447                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::4       639553                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Control::4        45684                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       414717                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11447                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       621663                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       621663                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       206946                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       694223                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       682779                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5462232                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       824184                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     46047816                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       365472                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     29859624                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        91576                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      4973304                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      4973304                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1655568                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      5553784                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      5462232                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.001230                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1653912                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       183768                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized     0.043065                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1330397                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Request_Control::3           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1330586                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Control::4      3984263                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       705309                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1195909                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1195909                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       490600                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      4082985                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1330397                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     10643176                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1653912                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     95802192                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     31874104                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     50782248                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       183768                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      9567272                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      9567272                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      3924800                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     32663880                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     10643176                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control      3991281                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      4060671                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     11952789                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      2115927                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      8716167                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Broadcast_Control      9519308                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control      3991191                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control     31930248                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    292368312                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control     95622312                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    152346744                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     69729336                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Broadcast_Control     76154464                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control     31929528                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.171812                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1229906                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4      3661337                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1185934                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       123428                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     88553232                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     29290696                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      9487472                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       987424                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.113541                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1229916                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         6615                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       116821                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       698973                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1185934                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       486961                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1229916                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      9839328                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       476280                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       934568                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     50326056                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      9487472                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      3895688                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      9839328                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.019244                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        43068                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        93503                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         5195                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1310273                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3100896                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       748024                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        41560                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     10482184                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.016829                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        43081                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        16861                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1293418                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         3673                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         5195                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         1522                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        43081                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       344648                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1213992                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     10347344                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       264456                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        41560                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        12176                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       344648                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.016302                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        16739                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        34631                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1336592                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1205208                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       277048                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     10692736                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.015685                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        16749                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        11781                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1324823                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        16749                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       133992                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       848232                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     10598584                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       133992                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.019134                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        40634                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       103147                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         4780                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1312692                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2925648                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       825176                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        38240                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     10501536                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.020704                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        40651                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        63495                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1249201                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         2663                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         4780                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         2117                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        40651                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       325208                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4571640                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      9993608                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       191736                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        38240                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        16936                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       325208                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.051707                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       647618                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          135                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        45961                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       290592                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11524                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       574246                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       283654                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       647618                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5180944                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4         9720                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       367688                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     20922624                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        92192                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      4593968                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2269232                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      5180944                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.071431                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           27                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11524                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       592385                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       574246                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       659115                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       829728                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     42651720                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      4593968                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      5272920                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.064105                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       682779                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          104                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        45684                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       414717                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11447                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       621663                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       206946                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       682779                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5462232                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4         7488                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       365472                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     29859624                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        91576                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      4973304                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1655568                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      5462232                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.076844                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11447                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       639449                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       621663                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       694223                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       824184                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     46040328                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      4973304                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      5553784                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002215                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1653912                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000246                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       183768                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization     0.171812                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1229906                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4      3661337                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1185934                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       123428                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     88553232                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     29290696                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      9487472                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       987424                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization     0.019244                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        43068                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        93503                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         5195                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1310273                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3100896                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       748024                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        41560                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     10482184                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.link_utilization     0.016302                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::3           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4        16739                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::4        34631                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1336592                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1205208                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       277048                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     10692736                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.link_utilization     0.019134                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::3            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        40634                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::4       103147                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         4780                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1312692                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2925648                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       825176                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        38240                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     10501536                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.link_utilization     0.051707                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2       647618                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::4          135                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::4        45961                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       290592                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11524                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       574246                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       283654                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       647618                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5180944                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4         9720                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       367688                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     20922624                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        92192                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      4593968                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2269232                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      5180944                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.link_utilization     0.064105                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2       682779                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::4          104                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::4        45684                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       414717                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11447                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       621663                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       206946                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       682779                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5462232                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4         7488                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       365472                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     29859624                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        91576                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      4973304                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      1655568                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      5462232                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.link_utilization     0.002215                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1653912                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    356405007                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.271952                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.016462                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      5.889266                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   356372259     99.99%     99.99% |       17602      0.00%    100.00% |        3736      0.00%    100.00% |        4143      0.00%    100.00% |        5941      0.00%    100.00% |        1302      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     356405007                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    355558632                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.022827                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.005489                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.477228                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |   354747012     99.77%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |      811600      0.23%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    355558632                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       846375                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   105.928634                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    97.126312                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    59.416276                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      813627     96.13%     96.13% |       17602      2.08%     98.21% |        3736      0.44%     98.65% |        4143      0.49%     99.14% |        5941      0.70%     99.84% |        1302      0.15%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       846375                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     39929479                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.249500                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.056841                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     13.093072                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    39896853     99.92%     99.92% |       24923      0.06%     99.98% |        1934      0.00%     99.99% |         861      0.00%     99.99% |        3746      0.01%    100.00% |        1095      0.00%    100.00% |          55      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      39929479                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     39465983                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.006692                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001606                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.258643                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |    39439582     99.93%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |       26316      0.07%    100.00% |          85      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     39465983                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       463496                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   108.072782                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   102.112926                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    58.587840                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      430870     92.96%     92.96% |       24923      5.38%     98.34% |        1934      0.42%     98.76% |         861      0.19%     98.94% |        3746      0.81%     99.75% |        1095      0.24%     99.99% |          55      0.01%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       463496                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   1875725949                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.000891                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000160                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.201422                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  1875725448    100.00%    100.00% |         436      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   1875725949                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1875718396                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.000601                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000144                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.077505                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |  1875605713     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |      112683      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1875718396                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         7553                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    73.177943                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    58.893722                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    58.090523                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        7052     93.37%     93.37% |         436      5.77%     99.14% |          23      0.30%     99.44% |           9      0.12%     99.56% |          25      0.33%     99.89% |           7      0.09%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         7553                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1231853                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.165326                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.019806                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.033492                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1231783     99.99%     99.99% |          60      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1231853                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1227835                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.032113                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.007730                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.565777                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |     1223892     99.68%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |        3943      0.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1227835                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         4018                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    41.872822                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    38.847816                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    32.574917                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        3948     98.26%     98.26% |          60      1.49%     99.75% |           2      0.05%     99.80% |           3      0.07%     99.88% |           2      0.05%     99.93% |           2      0.05%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         4018                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       210522                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.706938                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.209577                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.342529                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      210478     99.98%     99.98% |          38      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       210522                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       201567                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.164660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.040274                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.272593                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |      198248     98.35%     98.35% |           0      0.00%     98.35% |           0      0.00%     98.35% |           0      0.00%     98.35% |           0      0.00%     98.35% |        3319      1.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       201567                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         8955                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    37.421887                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.028767                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    18.468230                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        8911     99.51%     99.51% |          38      0.42%     99.93% |           1      0.01%     99.94% |           3      0.03%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         8955                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       210522                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      210522    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       210522                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       210522                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      210522    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       210522                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2271424897                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2271424897    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   2271424897                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        98563                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.021925                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.993206                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.466472                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       98412     99.85%     99.85% |          90      0.09%     99.94% |          47      0.05%     99.99% |          14      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        98563                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples        98533                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.005907                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.001424                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.242631                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |       98474     99.94%     99.94% |           1      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |          58      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total        98533                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples        98533                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.006739                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.005337                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.182216                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       98406     99.87%     99.87% |          53      0.05%     99.92% |          39      0.04%     99.96% |           5      0.01%     99.97% |          30      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total        98533                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples        98533                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000842                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000799                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.047352                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       98529    100.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total        98533                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples        98533                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean     1.002050                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev     1.357860                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |       34417     34.93%     34.93% |       52044     52.82%     87.75% |        6420      6.52%     94.26% |          10      0.01%     94.27% |          12      0.01%     94.29% |           7      0.01%     94.29% |        5623      5.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total        98533                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       958038                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999358                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.998123                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.087319                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          72      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |      957861     99.98%     99.99% |         105      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       958038                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1231834                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   111.581121                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   106.227930                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    57.911582                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1165845     94.64%     94.64% |       43059      3.50%     98.14% |        5696      0.46%     98.60% |        5019      0.41%     99.01% |        9714      0.79%     99.80% |        2408      0.20%     99.99% |          72      0.01%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1231834                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples      1231834                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.011417                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.002251                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.419174                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |     1230984     99.93%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |          14      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |         834      0.07%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total      1231834                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples      1231834                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.015306                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.007782                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.598821                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1230754     99.91%     99.91% |         244      0.02%     99.93% |         380      0.03%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |         456      0.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total      1231834                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples      1231834                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000037                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000034                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.011145                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1231829    100.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total      1231834                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples      1231834                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean    78.554361                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::gmean    72.210010                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev    57.920933                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |     1198721     97.31%     97.31% |       12479      1.01%     98.32% |        4557      0.37%     98.69% |        5967      0.48%     99.18% |        9939      0.81%     99.99% |         103      0.01%     99.99% |          57      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total      1231834                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    354747005                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   354747005    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    354747005                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        73858                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.615803                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.610039                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.669936                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       73828     99.96%     99.96% |           2      0.00%     99.96% |          14      0.02%     99.98% |          14      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        73858                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       811627                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999938                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999796                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.029784                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           7      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      811600    100.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       811627                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       772517                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   112.842244                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   107.497676                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    57.619707                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      739769     95.76%     95.76% |       17602      2.28%     98.04% |        3736      0.48%     98.52% |        4143      0.54%     99.06% |        5941      0.77%     99.83% |        1302      0.17%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       772517                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     39439526                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    39439526    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     39439526                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         8088                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    35.844708                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    35.756765                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.568776                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        7986     98.74%     98.74% |          76      0.94%     99.68% |          26      0.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         8088                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        26457                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.982046                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.947371                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.463209                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          56      0.21%      0.21% |           0      0.00%      0.21% |           0      0.00%      0.21% |           0      0.00%      0.21% |           0      0.00%      0.21% |       26316     99.47%     99.68% |          85      0.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        26457                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       455408                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   109.355545                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   104.033763                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    58.301649                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      422782     92.84%     92.84% |       24923      5.47%     98.31% |        1934      0.42%     98.73% |         861      0.19%     98.92% |        3746      0.82%     99.74% |        1095      0.24%     99.99% |          55      0.01%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       455408                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1875605713                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1875605713    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   1875605713                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         4081                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.540064                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.535436                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.560921                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4063     99.56%     99.56% |          18      0.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         4081                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       112683                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      112683    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       112683                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3472                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   119.768433                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   114.164624                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    57.646430                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        2971     85.57%     85.57% |         436     12.56%     98.13% |          23      0.66%     98.79% |           9      0.26%     99.05% |          25      0.72%     99.77% |           7      0.20%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           1      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3472                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1223892                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1223892    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1223892                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3817                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.530783                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.472934                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.071231                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3812     99.87%     99.87% |           3      0.08%     99.95% |           2      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3817                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3943                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3943    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3943                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          201                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   143.318408                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   128.711143                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   101.703235                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         131     65.17%     65.17% |          60     29.85%     95.02% |           2      1.00%     96.02% |           3      1.49%     97.51% |           2      1.00%     98.51% |           2      1.00%     99.50% |           1      0.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          201                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       198248                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      198248    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       198248                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         8719                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.898498                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.840825                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.062044                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        8705     99.84%     99.84% |           9      0.10%     99.94% |           5      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         8719                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3319    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          236                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   130.648305                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   124.337804                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    62.237972                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         192     81.36%     81.36% |          38     16.10%     97.46% |           1      0.42%     97.88% |           3      1.27%     99.15% |           0      0.00%     99.15% |           2      0.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          236                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       210513                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      210513    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       210513                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |      153589     32.23%     32.23% |      322986     67.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total       476575                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |      494415     57.84%     57.84% |      360313     42.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total       854728                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT     |      574246     48.02%     48.02% |      621663     51.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT::total      1195909                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS |       19691     57.32%     57.32% |       14664     42.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS::total        34355                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM |      627927     48.45%     48.45% |      668115     51.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM::total      1296042                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean |        1199     51.46%     51.46% |        1131     48.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean::total         2330                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty |          82     52.56%     52.56% |          74     47.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty::total          156                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |      282455     57.85%     57.85% |      205815     42.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total       488270                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |      290510     41.20%     41.20% |      414643     58.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total       705153                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       11524     50.17%     50.17% |       11447     49.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        22971                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      603774     48.13%     48.13% |      650792     51.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1254566                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      302116     41.48%     41.48% |      426164     58.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       728280                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack     |       45961     50.15%     50.15% |       45684     49.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack::total        91645                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data |         135     56.49%     56.49% |         104     43.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total          239                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |       11524     50.17%     50.17% |       11447     49.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total        22971                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks |          27     90.00%     90.00% |           3     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks::total           30                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX |        7603     63.15%     63.15% |        4437     36.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX::total        12040                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS |        9002     55.27%     55.27% |        7284     44.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS::total        16286                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT  |        1281     51.53%     51.53% |        1205     48.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT::total         2486                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX |        4531     52.78%     52.78% |        4053     47.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX::total         8584                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS |       34070     55.29%     55.29% |       27553     44.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS::total        61623                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT  |      572965     48.01%     48.01% |      620458     51.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT::total      1193423                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ |         135     56.49%     56.49% |         104     43.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ::total          239                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX  |          19     47.50%     47.50% |          21     52.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX::total           40                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS  |        1210     50.69%     50.69% |        1177     49.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS::total         2387                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX  |      141363     31.01%     31.01% |      314442     68.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX::total       455805                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS  |      449793     58.14%     58.14% |      323809     41.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS::total       773602                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ |       11389     50.10%     50.10% |       11343     49.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ::total        22732                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX |          49     70.00%     70.00% |          21     30.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX::total           70                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS |          27     90.00%     90.00% |           3     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS::total           30                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS |       18405     57.75%     57.75% |       13463     42.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS::total        31868                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM |      627900     48.45%     48.45% |      668112     51.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM::total      1296012                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS |          49     70.00%     70.00% |          21     30.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS::total           70                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM |          27     90.00%     90.00% |           3     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM::total           30                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS |          27     90.00%     90.00% |           3     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS::total           30                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks |          27     90.00%     90.00% |           3     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks::total           30                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS |        1210     50.69%     50.69% |        1177     49.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS::total         2387                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data |      591175     48.08%     48.08% |      638272     51.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data::total      1229447                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data |        1210     50.69%     50.69% |        1177     49.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data::total         2387                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data |       11389     50.10%     50.10% |       11343     49.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data::total        22732                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack |       45540     50.09%     50.09% |       45368     49.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack::total        90908                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack |         405     56.49%     56.49% |         312     43.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack::total          717                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data |         135     56.49%     56.49% |         104     43.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data::total          239                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |         135     56.49%     56.49% |         104     43.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total          239                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack |          16     80.00%     80.00% |           4     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack::total           20                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |       11389     50.10%     50.10% |       11343     49.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total        22732                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX |          24     66.67%     66.67% |          12     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX::total           36                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS |         313     39.12%     39.12% |         487     60.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS::total          800                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean |        1199     51.46%     51.46% |        1131     48.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean::total         2330                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty |          82     52.56%     52.56% |          74     47.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty::total          156                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |      282455     57.85%     57.85% |      205815     42.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total       488270                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |      290510     41.20%     41.20% |      414643     58.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total       705153                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack |          82     52.56%     52.56% |          74     47.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack::total          156                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack |      302034     41.48%     41.48% |      426090     58.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack::total       728124                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       22971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        22971                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       22971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          22971                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       22971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        22971                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       22971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        22971                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |   353708281     99.24%     99.24% |     1338488      0.38%     99.62% |      535470      0.15%     99.77% |      823605      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    356405844                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |  1861761398     99.26%     99.26% |     6631030      0.35%     99.61% |     2512098      0.13%     99.74% |     4821428      0.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1875725954                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    39578791     95.18%     95.18% |      916602      2.20%     97.39% |      390265      0.94%     98.32% |      697056      1.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     41582714                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |     1189413     98.97%     98.97% |        6927      0.58%     99.55% |           0      0.00%     99.55% |        5434      0.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1201774                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2  |     2019083     89.81%     89.81% |      116060      5.16%     94.98% |       32476      1.44%     96.42% |       80475      3.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2::total      2248094                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |      769444     91.02%     91.02% |       49555      5.86%     96.88% |        3990      0.47%     97.35% |       22366      2.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       845355                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       27645     24.53%     24.53% |       33798     29.99%     54.53% |       22501     19.97%     74.50% |       28739     25.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       112683                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1 |      797089     83.20%     83.20% |       83353      8.70%     91.90% |       26491      2.77%     94.67% |       51105      5.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       958038                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX |       18411      1.29%      1.29% |      467839     32.73%     34.02% |      473294     33.11%     67.13% |      469863     32.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX::total      1429407                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS |      105017      3.96%      3.96% |      842434     31.75%     35.70% |      863298     32.53%     68.24% |      842829     31.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS::total      2653578                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS |           8     26.67%     26.67% |           6     20.00%     46.67% |          12     40.00%     86.67% |           4     13.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS::total           30                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |     3649847     94.32%     94.32% |       90890      2.35%     96.67% |       28827      0.74%     97.42% |       99919      2.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total      3869483                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack |       11490     49.67%     49.67% |        2613     11.29%     60.96% |        5804     25.09%     86.05% |        3228     13.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack::total        23135                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        4988     34.60%     34.60% |        3333     23.12%     57.72% |        2247     15.59%     73.30% |        3849     26.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        14417                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data |        7111     22.24%     22.24% |       10540     32.97%     55.21% |        8882     27.78%     83.00% |        5435     17.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data::total        31968                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |     1217807     94.85%     94.85% |       29195      2.27%     97.12% |        5610      0.44%     97.56% |       31350      2.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      1283962                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |     1185934     99.17%     99.17% |        5195      0.43%     99.60% |           0      0.00%     99.60% |        4780      0.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      1195909                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |        7288     21.61%     21.61% |       10804     32.03%     53.63% |        8968     26.59%     80.22% |        6672     19.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total        33732                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers |     1222628     94.29%     94.29% |       32277      2.49%     96.78% |        7781      0.60%     97.38% |       33979      2.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers::total      1296665                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      769293     90.89%     90.89% |       32177      3.80%     94.69% |       12896      1.52%     96.22% |       32009      3.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       846375                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        2565     33.96%     33.96% |        2274     30.11%     64.07% |         678      8.98%     73.04% |        2036     26.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         7553                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |      454993     97.00%     97.00% |        7177      1.53%     98.53% |        1949      0.42%     98.94% |        4956      1.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       469075                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX |       17627      1.26%      1.26% |      457685     32.84%     34.11% |      463033     33.23%     67.34% |      455143     32.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX::total      1393488                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS |       98087      3.84%      3.84% |      817715     32.04%     35.88% |      847984     33.22%     69.11% |      788509     30.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS::total      2552295                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      683841     67.87%     67.87% |      143344     14.23%     82.10% |      105117     10.43%     92.53% |       75257      7.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      1007559                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    14109099     58.27%     58.27% |     4864417     20.09%     78.36% |     2386803      9.86%     88.22% |     2851853     11.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     24212172                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        3054     41.96%     41.96% |        1415     19.44%     61.40% |        1213     16.66%     78.06% |        1597     21.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         7279                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement |        3479     59.32%     59.32% |        1732     29.53%     88.85% |           0      0.00%     88.85% |         654     11.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement::total         5865                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2 |       44818     37.89%     37.89% |       23690     20.03%     57.92% |       26159     22.12%     80.04% |       23604     19.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2::total       118271                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |       19606     71.57%     71.57% |        3482     12.71%     84.28% |        1728      6.31%     90.59% |        2579      9.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total        27395                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       21175     28.25%     28.25% |       14735     19.66%     47.91% |       21326     28.45%     76.36% |       17718     23.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        74954                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX |         146      0.95%      0.95% |        6280     40.93%     41.88% |        6598     43.00%     84.87% |        2321     15.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX::total        15345                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS |         961      4.15%      4.15% |       11738     50.74%     54.89% |        7208     31.16%     86.05% |        3228     13.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS::total        23135                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |         285      0.24%      0.24% |       28912     24.07%     24.30% |        5052      4.21%     28.51% |       85880     71.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total       120129                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch  |        1813      0.06%      0.06% |     1241380     38.23%     38.28% |       92062      2.83%     41.12% |     1912094     58.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch::total      3247349                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |          10     23.26%     23.26% |          12     27.91%     51.16% |           8     18.60%     69.77% |          13     30.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total           43                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement |         149      5.99%      5.99% |         774     31.13%     37.13% |           0      0.00%     37.13% |        1563     62.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement::total         2486                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2 |         176      0.53%      0.53% |       17151     52.10%     52.63% |        2269      6.89%     59.52% |       13326     40.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2::total        32922                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |          38      0.85%      0.85% |        1202     26.98%     27.83% |         950     21.32%     49.16% |        2265     50.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total         4455                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |          29      0.10%      0.10% |       15782     56.68%     56.79% |        1165      4.18%     60.97% |       10866     39.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        27842                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX |         409      3.41%      3.41% |        2040     17.01%     20.43% |        2735     22.81%     43.24% |        6806     56.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX::total        11990                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS |         140      0.86%      0.86% |        2703     16.60%     17.46% |        2033     12.48%     29.94% |       11410     70.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS::total        16286                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |   274503068     99.91%     99.91% |      109508      0.04%     99.95% |       53162      0.02%     99.97% |       89083      0.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    274754821                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |  1847619113     99.97%     99.97% |      488784      0.03%    100.00% |        9831      0.00%    100.00% |       26176      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total   1848143904                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      249188     87.62%     87.62% |       16149      5.68%     93.30% |         822      0.29%     93.58% |       18245      6.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total       284404                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |      489195     99.68%     99.68% |         895      0.18%     99.86% |           0      0.00%     99.86% |         686      0.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       490776                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2 |     1015109     97.71%     97.71% |       14794      1.42%     99.14% |        1079      0.10%     99.24% |        7870      0.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2::total      1038852                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |      496160     97.36%     97.36% |        8413      1.65%     99.01% |         167      0.03%     99.05% |        4858      0.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       509598                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |        6441     65.15%     65.15% |        3281     33.18%     98.33% |          10      0.10%     98.43% |         155      1.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total         9887                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX |          13      1.70%      1.70% |          44      5.77%      7.47% |         364     47.71%     55.18% |         342     44.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX::total          763                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS |         493      3.15%      3.15% |        3213     20.53%     23.68% |        3148     20.11%     43.79% |        8798     56.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS::total        15652                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS |           2     28.57%     28.57% |           2     28.57%     57.14% |           2     28.57%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |    77001330     97.64%     97.64% |      982525      1.25%     98.88% |      356059      0.45%     99.34% |      524286      0.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     78864200                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |    38850777     95.26%     95.26% |      883198      2.17%     97.42% |      385334      0.94%     98.37% |      666523      1.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     40785832                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement |      696590     99.14%     99.14% |        3526      0.50%     99.64% |           0      0.00%     99.64% |        2531      0.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement::total       702647                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2 |      958980     90.64%     90.64% |       60425      5.71%     96.35% |        2969      0.28%     96.63% |       35675      3.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2::total      1058049                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |      253640     83.46%     83.46% |       36458     12.00%     95.46% |        1145      0.38%     95.83% |       12664      4.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       303907                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX |         216      2.76%      2.76% |        1790     22.89%     25.65% |         564      7.21%     32.86% |        5251     67.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX::total         7821                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS |        5336     11.55%     11.55% |        7065     15.29%     26.84% |        2925      6.33%     33.17% |       30884     66.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS::total        46210                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS |           6     26.09%     26.09% |           4     17.39%     43.48% |          10     43.48%     86.96% |           3     13.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load   |       19605     71.73%     71.73% |        3457     12.65%     84.38% |        1725      6.31%     90.70% |        2543      9.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load::total        27330                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch |       21175     28.25%     28.25% |       14735     19.66%     47.91% |       21326     28.45%     76.36% |       17718     23.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch::total        74954                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store  |           1      1.54%      1.54% |          25     38.46%     40.00% |           3      4.62%     44.62% |          36     55.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store::total           65                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load   |          38      0.85%      0.85% |        1201     27.00%     27.86% |         948     21.31%     49.17% |        2261     50.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load::total         4448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch |          29      0.10%      0.10% |       15782     56.68%     56.79% |        1165      4.18%     60.97% |       10866     39.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch::total        27842                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           2     28.57%     42.86% |           4     57.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load   |      493650     97.84%     97.84% |        6312      1.25%     99.09% |         156      0.03%     99.12% |        4421      0.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load::total       504539                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch |        6441     65.15%     65.15% |        3281     33.18%     98.33% |          10      0.10%     98.43% |         155      1.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch::total         9887                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store  |        2510     49.61%     49.61% |        2101     41.53%     91.14% |          11      0.22%     91.36% |         437      8.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store::total         5059                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load  |      236324     85.84%     85.84% |       30853     11.21%     97.05% |         338      0.12%     97.17% |        7788      2.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load::total       275303                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store |       17316     60.54%     60.54% |        5605     19.60%     80.13% |         807      2.82%     82.95% |        4876     17.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store::total        28604                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |     1359586     97.98%     97.98% |       14552      1.05%     99.03% |        4010      0.29%     99.32% |        9459      0.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total      1387607                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        1756     37.47%     37.47% |        1043     22.26%     59.73% |         936     19.97%     79.71% |         951     20.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         4686                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |      453237     97.60%     97.60% |        6134      1.32%     98.92% |        1013      0.22%     99.14% |        4005      0.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total       464389                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        5324     50.52%     50.52% |        1108     10.51%     61.04% |        2197     20.85%     81.88% |        1909     18.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        10538                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data   |        3055     41.60%     41.60% |        1440     19.61%     61.21% |        1216     16.56%     77.76% |        1633     22.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data::total         7344                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |          30     20.00%     20.00% |          39     26.00%     46.00% |          30     20.00%     66.00% |          51     34.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total          150                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers |          10     20.00%     20.00% |          13     26.00%     46.00% |          10     20.00%     66.00% |          17     34.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers::total           50                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack   |        1263     18.34%     18.34% |        3099     44.99%     63.33% |         447      6.49%     69.82% |        2079     30.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack::total         6888                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers |        4811     39.99%     39.99% |        2483     20.64%     60.63% |        2152     17.89%     78.52% |        2584     21.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers::total        12030                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |          11     15.71%     15.71% |          23     32.86%     48.57% |          17     24.29%     72.86% |          19     27.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total           70                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     33.33%     33.33% |           2     33.33%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack   |        6431     25.56%     25.56% |        5433     21.59%     47.15% |        2936     11.67%     58.81% |       10364     41.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack::total        25164                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers |      764570     93.29%     93.29% |       23059      2.81%     96.10% |        4595      0.56%     96.66% |       27343      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total       819567                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |         621     31.02%     31.02% |         911     45.50%     76.52% |         114      5.69%     82.22% |         356     17.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total         2002                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack  |         773     21.14%     21.14% |        1168     31.95%     53.09% |         196      5.36%     58.45% |        1519     41.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack::total         3656                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers |      453237     97.60%     97.60% |        6136      1.32%     98.92% |        1015      0.22%     99.14% |        4007      0.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total       464395                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack    |     2275169     93.81%     93.81% |       62289      2.57%     96.38% |       15838      0.65%     97.03% |       71940      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack::total      2425236                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack |        8777     51.97%     51.97% |        1174      6.95%     58.93% |        4752     28.14%     87.07% |        2184     12.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack::total        16887                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |         177      7.42%      7.42% |         850     35.61%     43.02% |          95      3.98%     47.00% |        1265     53.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total         2387                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data |        7111     22.24%     22.24% |       10540     32.97%     55.21% |        8882     27.78%     83.00% |        5435     17.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data::total        31968                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |      764570     93.29%     93.29% |       23061      2.81%     96.10% |        4597      0.56%     96.66% |       27345      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total       819573                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |          18      7.73%      7.73% |         174     74.68%     82.40% |           0      0.00%     82.40% |          41     17.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total          233                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch |        1163     50.83%     50.83% |         376     16.43%     67.26% |         223      9.75%     77.01% |         526     22.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch::total         2288                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack    |        1271     12.41%     12.41% |        3202     31.26%     43.66% |        3173     30.97%     74.64% |        2598     25.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack::total        10244                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack |        2713     43.42%     43.42% |        1439     23.03%     66.45% |        1052     16.84%     83.29% |        1044     16.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack::total         6248                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks |        7288     21.61%     21.61% |       10804     32.03%     53.63% |        8968     26.59%     80.22% |        6672     19.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks::total        33732                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         586     94.06%     94.06% |           9      1.44%     95.51% |          28      4.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers::total          623                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           4     80.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack |         149      5.99%      5.99% |         774     31.13%     37.13% |           0      0.00%     37.13% |        1563     62.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack::total         2486                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |         778     97.98%     97.98% |           2      0.25%     98.24% |           0      0.00%     98.24% |          14      1.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total          794                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |          20     55.56%     55.56% |           5     13.89%     69.44% |           0      0.00%     69.44% |          11     30.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total           36                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |     1185785     99.36%     99.36% |        4421      0.37%     99.73% |           0      0.00%     99.73% |        3217      0.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      1193423                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       40781     39.85%     39.85% |       18217     17.80%     57.64% |       23054     22.52%     80.17% |       20297     19.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       102349                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |          67      0.21%      0.21% |       16984     52.59%     52.79% |        2115      6.55%     59.34% |       13131     40.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total        32297                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Load   |          19    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Load::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Store  |          20    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Store::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |      502601     96.75%     96.75% |       11694      2.25%     99.00% |         177      0.03%     99.04% |        5013      0.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       519485                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Load  |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Load::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Store |         281    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Store::total          281                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |      253640     83.46%     83.46% |       36458     12.00%     95.46% |        1145      0.38%     95.83% |       12664      4.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       303907                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.478268                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2478268427500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               55303474747001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 125851                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   228275                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              224356374                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2103700                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 11046.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1390166317                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2521557169                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     42593664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          42593664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21994112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       21994112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       665526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             665526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       343658                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            343658                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     17186865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             17186865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      8874790                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             8874790                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     26061655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            26061655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     665526                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    343658                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   665526                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  343658                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              42568192                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  25472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               21993152                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               42593664                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            21994112                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   398                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    9                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            41599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            40762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            39821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            40124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            40732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            39357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            39645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            41343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            41519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            41489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           42896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           42625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           41714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           43415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           44217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           43870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            21837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            20961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            20181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            20730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            21206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            19816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            19710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            21063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            21153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            21277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           22388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           22256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           21775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           22942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           23570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           22778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 2478268315500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               665526                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              343658                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 664469                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    650                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 16215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 16864                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 18449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 19581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 19706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 19592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 19544                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 19496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 19457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 19434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 19426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 19470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 19429                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 19405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 19416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 19387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 19384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 19382                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       396653                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   162.764976                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.017259                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   203.083816                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       215275     54.27%     54.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       124420     31.37%     85.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        19038      4.80%     90.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         8757      2.21%     92.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6942      1.75%     94.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         5243      1.32%     95.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3583      0.90%     96.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2732      0.69%     97.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        10663      2.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       396653                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        19382                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     34.345785                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    49.576223                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        18912     97.58%     97.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          379      1.96%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           60      0.31%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           17      0.09%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            7      0.04%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            3      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        19382                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        19382                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.730007                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.714604                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.723254                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16            2559     13.20%     13.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             578      2.98%     16.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           15875     81.91%     98.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19             300      1.55%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              56      0.29%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21              11      0.06%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::25               2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        19382                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  5196923499                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            17668073499                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                3325640000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     7813.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               26563.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       17.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        8.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    17.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     8.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  483607                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 128508                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                72.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               37.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   2455715.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   60.68                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              1475764920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy               805228875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             2590676400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            1073321280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        162572392320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        276004218105                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1251318858750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1695840460650                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           681.321361                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2074363586500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  82754620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 321143947250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              1557571680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy               849865500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             2743182000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            1158118560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        162572392320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        285150837960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1243295508000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1697327476020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           681.918785                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2060804483750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  82754620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 334704053750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     47878272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          47878272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     29984704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       29984704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       748098                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             748098                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       468511                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            468511                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     19319244                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             19319244                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12099054                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            12099054                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     31418298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            31418298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     748098                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    468511                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   748098                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  468511                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              47852096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  26176                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               29984512                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               47878272                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            29984704                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   409                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            47369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            45737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            45183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            45767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            45553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            44457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            44891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            46163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            46394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            46762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           48082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           47234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           47100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           48141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           49579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           49277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            29675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            28655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            28187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            28816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            28959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            27687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            27530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            28681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            28986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            29225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           30148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           29874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           29581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           30663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           31301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           30540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 2478263290000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               748098                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              468511                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 747148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    541                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 22065                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 22848                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 24916                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 26855                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 26831                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 26840                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 26711                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 26560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 26544                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 26507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 26501                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 26493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 26508                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 26476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 26487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 26448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 26446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 26447                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       464383                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   167.612820                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.041269                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   204.025971                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       281930     60.71%     60.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        95107     20.48%     81.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        27025      5.82%     87.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        13548      2.92%     89.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        25064      5.40%     95.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         6787      1.46%     96.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3223      0.69%     97.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2510      0.54%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         9189      1.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       464383                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        26444                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     28.293942                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    60.693348                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        26331     99.57%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           80      0.30%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            8      0.03%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023           10      0.04%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            6      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            3      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        26444                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        26444                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.716987                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.701536                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.723194                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16            3631     13.73%     13.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             673      2.55%     16.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           21792     82.41%     98.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19             278      1.05%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              48      0.18%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21              13      0.05%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               8      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        26444                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  5992568749                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            20011737499                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                3738445000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     8014.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               26764.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       19.31                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       12.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    19.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    12.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  557476                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 194336                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                74.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               41.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   2037025.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   61.82                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              1728435240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy               943094625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             2916045600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            1479487680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        162572392320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        249988557690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1274139613500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1693767626655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           680.488579                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2112578525000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  82754620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 282930308500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              1816947720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy               991390125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             3061749600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            1560993120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        162572392320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        258193950795                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1266941900250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1695139323930                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           681.039672                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2100367028750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  82754620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 295140646250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      4956433283                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1300114911                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   2353705265                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           1511686567                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses            1130316630                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     893730                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    161268162                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  1511686567                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                   1130316630                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         2949927020                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        1037752282                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads          1382526840                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes         1075423327                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           941666936                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          529834005                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    389418796                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  350566826                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  38851970                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              297641042.352330                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              4658792240.647670                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.939949                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.060051                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        166816797                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              3919407      0.17%      0.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               1232653852     52.37%     52.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                 4268959      0.18%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                     4365      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd              723456476     30.74%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               350566826     14.89%     98.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               38851970      1.65%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                2353721903                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      4955227815                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   78089188                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    143895079                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            142664809                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses               1337123                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    4275887                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     10357668                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   142664809                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                      1337123                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          295801089                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         113723911                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads              365404                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes            1003550                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            71630458                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           43338547                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     35409062                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   23429768                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  11979294                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              4659743741.091561                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              295484073.908439                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.059631                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.940369                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         16819344                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               127423      0.09%      0.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                107600765     74.78%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   56757      0.04%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    27658      0.02%     74.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                 674145      0.47%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                23429768     16.28%     91.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               11979294      8.32%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 143895842                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      4957047718                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    3044174                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      6232727                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              6109781                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3147                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     157410                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       484988                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     6109781                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                         3147                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           12323235                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           4995375                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                5124                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes               2476                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             3638306                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1961695                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1451080                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     894390                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    556690                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              4943767591.397853                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              13280126.602147                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.002679                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.997321                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           694387                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                87602      1.41%      1.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  4654349     74.67%     76.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    9152      0.15%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    28400      0.46%     76.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                   2372      0.04%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  894390     14.35%     91.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 556690      8.93%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   6232955                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      4954340488                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    4172165                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      8506497                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              8274632                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  7824                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     191941                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       662034                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     8274632                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         7824                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           16256881                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           6794772                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               12908                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               6233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             5022453                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            3080648                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1793730                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    1108641                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    685089                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              4935501272.854234                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              18839215.145767                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.003803                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.996197                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           924505                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                85813      1.01%      1.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  6585445     77.41%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    9331      0.11%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    26431      0.31%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   5956      0.07%     78.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 1108641     13.03%     91.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 685089      8.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   8506706                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1513                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1513                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3712                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3712                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               103                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              103                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           52                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1338                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           42                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2698                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           54                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1060                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1308                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2494                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   10656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           68                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          284                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          286                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          260                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2676                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3366                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          326                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           84                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          347                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2724                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3533                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          260                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          530                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3522                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          220                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          347                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2668                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3383                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    14088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1638500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy               178983                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             1890000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1828946                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1735446                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1693486                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1708986                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              113458                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1851000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             2065500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             2257000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1932500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages          356                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      1458176                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs          356                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            2                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes         8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            2                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   4683471791                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.001906                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001322                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.043614                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  4674545948     99.81%     99.81% |     8925843      0.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   4683471791                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     4683471791                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.068277                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.003896                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         2.975545                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  4683330235    100.00%    100.00% |       92480      0.00%    100.00% |       12078      0.00%    100.00% |       10640      0.00%    100.00% |       20795      0.00%    100.00% |        5368      0.00%    100.00% |         150      0.00%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       4683471791                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   4680595399                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.004527                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001086                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.212714                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |  4678476652     99.95%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |     2118537      0.05%    100.00% |         210      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   4680595399                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2876392                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   104.806248                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    96.088774                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    59.786823                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     2734836     95.08%     95.08% |       92480      3.22%     98.29% |       12078      0.42%     98.71% |       10640      0.37%     99.08% |       20795      0.72%     99.81% |        5368      0.19%     99.99% |         150      0.01%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2876392                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr          149                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits    392379100                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses      2032181                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    394411281                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits   1865299009                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        56833                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1865355842                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       833991                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      1255023                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      2089014                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles        108694                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits     35121733                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses       341390                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     35463123                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits    101650339                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        88315                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses    101738654                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits       218781                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses       210924                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       429705                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           483                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1412012                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        42658                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1454670                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      3959589                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        37018                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3996607                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        46228                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        33448                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        79676                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1726065                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        71762                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1797827                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      5503836                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        36619                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5540455                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        61781                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        46600                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       108381                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles            31                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.139048                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1255023                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1281699                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::4      4008886                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       700056                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1199731                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1199731                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       499675                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       313972                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1255023                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     10040184                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     92282328                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     32071088                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     50404032                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      9597848                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      9597848                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      3997400                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2511776                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     10040184                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.035190                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       210924                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           54                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       240334                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1899890                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5        86298                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       147874                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       147874                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5        61576                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1358085                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       210924                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1687392                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     17304048                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     15199120                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5      6213456                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      1182992                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1182992                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5       492608                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     10864680                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      1687392                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.018505                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        33448                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::3           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::4        52944                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1589317                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           46                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           52                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           52                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1535588                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        33448                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       267584                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3811968                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     12714536                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         3312                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     12284704                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       267584                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.021907                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        46600                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::3           20                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::4       125795                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1559924                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         2668                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         4791                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         4791                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         2123                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1522387                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        46600                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       372800                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          160                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      9057240                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     12479392                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       192096                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        38328                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        38328                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        16984                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     12179096                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       372800                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.064745                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::2       738039                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::3           41                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11526                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::4       654274                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::4        46223                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       332068                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11590                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       634717                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       634717                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       302649                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       749588                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       738039                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5904312                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          328                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       829872                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     47107728                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       369784                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     23908896                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        92720                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5077736                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5077736                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2421192                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      5996704                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      5904312                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.075843                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::2       807956                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::3           77                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11447                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::4       736859                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Control::4        45940                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       457000                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11511                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       717731                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       717731                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       260731                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       819389                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       807956                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      6463648                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          616                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       824184                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     53053848                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       367520                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     32904000                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        92088                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5741848                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5741848                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2085848                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      6555112                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      6463648                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.001160                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22973                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23101                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1654056                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       184808                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized     0.046543                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1545995                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Request_Control::3          118                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22973                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1545953                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Control::4      4575090                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       789068                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23101                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1352448                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1352448                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       563380                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      4730032                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1545995                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     12367960                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          944                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1654056                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    111308616                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     36600720                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     56812896                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       184808                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     10819584                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     10819584                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      4507040                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     37840256                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     12367960                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control      4638339                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      4706777                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     13725270                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      2367204                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      9874515                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Broadcast_Control     11029041                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control      4637985                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control     37106712                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    338887944                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    109802160                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    170438688                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     78996120                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Broadcast_Control     88232328                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control     37103880                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.166751                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1254981                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4      3721620                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1199731                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       313972                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     90358632                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     29772960                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      9597848                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2511776                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.111345                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1255023                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        26718                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       287266                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       700056                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1199731                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       499675                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1255023                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     10040184                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1923696                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      2298128                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     50404032                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      9597848                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      3997400                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     10040184                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.040091                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           54                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       210765                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       571320                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       147874                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1358085                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     15175080                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      4570560                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1182992                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     10864680                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.030290                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       210924                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        29569                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1328570                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5        86298                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       147874                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5        61576                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       210924                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1687392                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2128968                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     10628560                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5      6213456                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      1182992                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5       492608                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      1687392                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.019262                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        33399                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        73242                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           52                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1535588                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2404728                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       585936                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     12284704                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.017748                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        33448                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        19545                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1516075                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           46                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           52                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        33448                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       267584                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1407240                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     12128600                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         3312                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       267584                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.020811                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           20                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        46567                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       116745                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         4791                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1522387                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          160                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3352824                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       933960                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        38328                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     12179096                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.023004                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        46600                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79228                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1443179                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         2668                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         4791                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         2123                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        46600                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       372800                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5704416                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     11545432                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       192096                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        38328                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        16984                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       372800                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.055090                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       738039                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          137                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        46223                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       332068                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11590                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       634717                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       302649                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       738039                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5904312                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4         9864                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       369784                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     23908896                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        92720                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5077736                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2421192                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      5904312                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.074401                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           41                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11526                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       654137                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       634717                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       749588                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          328                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       829872                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     47097864                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5077736                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      5996704                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.068251                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       807956                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          104                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        45940                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       457000                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11511                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       717731                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       260731                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       807956                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      6463648                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4         7488                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       367520                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     32904000                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        92088                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5741848                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2085848                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      6463648                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.083436                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           77                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11447                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       736755                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       717731                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       819389                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          616                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       824184                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     53046360                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5741848                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      6555112                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002087                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22973                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1654056                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000233                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23101                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       184808                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization     0.166751                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1254981                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4      3721620                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1199731                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       313972                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     90358632                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     29772960                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      9597848                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2511776                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization     0.040091                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           54                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       210765                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       571320                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       147874                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1358085                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     15175080                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      4570560                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1182992                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     10864680                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.link_utilization     0.019262                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::3           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4        33399                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::4        73242                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           52                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1535588                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2404728                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       585936                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     12284704                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.link_utilization     0.020811                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::3           20                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        46567                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::4       116745                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         4791                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1522387                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          160                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3352824                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       933960                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        38328                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     12179096                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.link_utilization     0.055090                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2       738039                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::4          137                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::4        46223                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       332068                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11590                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       634717                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       302649                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       738039                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5904312                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4         9864                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       369784                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     23908896                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        92720                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5077736                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2421192                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      5904312                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.link_utilization     0.068251                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2       807956                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::4          104                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::4        45940                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       457000                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11511                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       717731                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       260731                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       807956                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      6463648                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4         7488                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       367520                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     32904000                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        92088                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5741848                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2085848                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      6463648                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.link_utilization     0.002087                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22973                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1654056                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    735105795                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.284330                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.017162                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      6.031366                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   735033785     99.99%     99.99% |       39141      0.01%    100.00% |        8015      0.00%    100.00% |        8794      0.00%    100.00% |       12940      0.00%    100.00% |        3066      0.00%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     735105795                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    733259610                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.023253                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.005591                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.481653                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |   731554570     99.77%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |     1705000      0.23%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    733259610                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1846185                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   104.977907                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    95.676422                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    60.108368                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1774175     96.10%     96.10% |       39141      2.12%     98.22% |        8015      0.43%     98.65% |        8794      0.48%     99.13% |       12940      0.70%     99.83% |        3066      0.17%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1846185                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     91660287                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.133886                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.052365                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     12.438912                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    91593322     99.93%     99.93% |       51062      0.06%     99.98% |        3980      0.00%     99.99% |        1793      0.00%     99.99% |        7737      0.01%    100.00% |        2256      0.00%    100.00% |         112      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      91660287                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     90690102                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.009261                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.002223                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.304217                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |    90606128     99.91%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |       83804      0.09%    100.00% |         170      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     90690102                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       970185                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   107.260533                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   100.945952                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    58.648360                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      903220     93.10%     93.10% |       51062      5.26%     98.36% |        3980      0.41%     98.77% |        1793      0.18%     98.96% |        7737      0.80%     99.75% |        2256      0.23%     99.99% |         112      0.01%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       970185                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   3852357507                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.001369                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000224                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.275559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  3852355315    100.00%    100.00% |        1946      0.00%    100.00% |          74      0.00%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |         102      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   3852357507                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3852328347                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.000804                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000193                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.089682                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |  3852018486     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |      309861      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3852328347                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        29160                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    75.540364                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    60.959443                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    58.421051                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       26968     92.48%     92.48% |        1946      6.67%     99.16% |          74      0.25%     99.41% |          38      0.13%     99.54% |         102      0.35%     99.89% |          30      0.10%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        29160                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      3145668                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.145206                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.017420                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.892788                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     3145499     99.99%     99.99% |         146      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      3145668                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3136976                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.029803                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.007172                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.545103                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |     3127627     99.70%     99.70% |           0      0.00%     99.70% |           0      0.00%     99.70% |           0      0.00%     99.70% |           0      0.00%     99.70% |        9349      0.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      3136976                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         8692                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    42.794754                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    39.288814                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    34.378727                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        8523     98.06%     98.06% |         146      1.68%     99.74% |           4      0.05%     99.78% |           7      0.08%     99.86% |           5      0.06%     99.92% |           5      0.06%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         8692                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       601267                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.831110                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.195939                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    10.553728                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      601047     99.96%     99.96% |         185      0.03%     99.99% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       601267                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       579097                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.181714                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.044536                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.335711                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |      568574     98.18%     98.18% |           0      0.00%     98.18% |           0      0.00%     98.18% |           0      0.00%     98.18% |           0      0.00%     98.18% |       10523      1.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       579097                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        22170                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.914569                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    41.041795                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    32.356367                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       21950     99.01%     99.01% |         185      0.83%     99.84% |           5      0.02%     99.86% |           8      0.04%     99.90% |          11      0.05%     99.95% |          11      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        22170                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       601267                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      601267    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       601267                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       601267                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      601267    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       601267                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   4678476086                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  4678476086    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   4678476086                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       253666                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.997769                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.945261                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.872643                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      253616     99.98%     99.98% |          49      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       253666                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples       253517                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.019328                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.004694                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.437774                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |      253011     99.80%     99.80% |          20      0.01%     99.81% |           0      0.00%     99.81% |           0      0.00%     99.81% |           0      0.00%     99.81% |         486      0.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total       253517                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples       253517                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.041382                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.012295                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     2.414832                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |      253465     99.98%     99.98% |           5      0.00%     99.98% |          46      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total       253517                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples       253517                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.001254                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.001185                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.060228                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      253492     99.99%     99.99% |          25      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total       253517                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples       253517                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean     0.923177                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev     1.336493                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |      101414     40.00%     40.00% |      124454     49.09%     89.09% |       13997      5.52%     94.61% |          63      0.02%     94.64% |          53      0.02%     94.66% |          26      0.01%     94.67% |       13509      5.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total       253517                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2119313                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.997428                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.993053                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.163705                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         566      0.03%      0.03% |           0      0.00%      0.03% |           0      0.00%      0.03% |           0      0.00%      0.03% |           0      0.00%      0.03% |     2118537     99.96%     99.99% |         210      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2119313                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2622726                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   111.654734                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   106.262270                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    58.202663                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     2481220     94.60%     94.60% |       92431      3.52%     98.13% |       12078      0.46%     98.59% |       10640      0.41%     99.00% |       20795      0.79%     99.79% |        5367      0.20%     99.99% |         150      0.01%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2622726                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples      2622726                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.011299                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.002231                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.415737                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |     2620909     99.93%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |          89      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |        1724      0.07%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total      2622726                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples      2622726                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.015147                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.007726                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.594835                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2620451     99.91%     99.91% |         547      0.02%     99.93% |         769      0.03%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |         959      0.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total      2622726                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples      2622726                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000115                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000108                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.019300                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2622696    100.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total      2622726                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples      2622726                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean    78.628174                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::gmean    72.241254                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev    58.211978                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |     2552428     97.32%     97.32% |       26077      0.99%     98.31% |        9677      0.37%     98.68% |       12671      0.48%     99.17% |       21516      0.82%     99.99% |         214      0.01%     99.99% |         120      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total      2622726                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    731554549                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   731554549    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    731554549                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       184861                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.622365                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.587067                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.922129                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      184811     99.97%     99.97% |          49      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       184861                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1705061                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999900                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999698                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.035427                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          21      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1705000    100.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1705061                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1661324                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   112.917874                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   107.496277                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    58.176406                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1589364     95.67%     95.67% |       39092      2.35%     98.02% |        8015      0.48%     98.50% |        8794      0.53%     99.03% |       12940      0.78%     99.81% |        3065      0.18%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1661324                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     90605627                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    90605627    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     90605627                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        26825                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    35.460578                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    35.349895                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.928124                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       26238     97.81%     97.81% |         271      1.01%     98.82% |         311      1.16%     99.98% |           5      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        26825                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        84475                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.942705                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.846572                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.769293                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         501      0.59%      0.59% |           0      0.00%      0.59% |           0      0.00%      0.59% |           0      0.00%      0.59% |           0      0.00%      0.59% |       83804     99.21%     99.80% |         170      0.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        84475                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       943360                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   109.302207                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   104.003279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    58.193072                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      876395     92.90%     92.90% |       51062      5.41%     98.31% |        3980      0.42%     98.74% |        1793      0.19%     98.93% |        7737      0.82%     99.75% |        2256      0.24%     99.99% |         112      0.01%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       943360                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3852018486                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3852018486    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   3852018486                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        14944                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.553266                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.548677                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.558413                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       14880     99.57%     99.57% |          64      0.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        14944                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       309861                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      309861    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       309861                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        14216                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   119.677617                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   114.205934                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    56.561328                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       12024     84.58%     84.58% |        1946     13.69%     98.27% |          74      0.52%     98.79% |          38      0.27%     99.06% |         102      0.72%     99.77% |          30      0.21%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        14216                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3127627                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3127627    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      3127627                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         8171                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.488802                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.428109                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.121630                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        8156     99.82%     99.82% |           8      0.10%     99.91% |           7      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         8171                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         9349                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        9349    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         9349                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          521                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   141.692898                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   128.584229                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    96.220409                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         352     67.56%     67.56% |         146     28.02%     95.59% |           4      0.77%     96.35% |           7      1.34%     97.70% |           5      0.96%     98.66% |           5      0.96%     99.62% |           2      0.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          521                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       568574                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      568574    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       568574                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        18865                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.869547                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.805660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.207267                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       18831     99.82%     99.82% |          31      0.16%     99.98% |           2      0.01%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        18865                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        10523                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       10523    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        10523                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3305                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   108.959758                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   105.144410                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    48.212057                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        3085     93.34%     93.34% |         185      5.60%     98.94% |           5      0.15%     99.09% |           8      0.24%     99.33% |          11      0.33%     99.67% |          11      0.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3305                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       601223                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      601223    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       601223                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           44                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          44    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           44                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |      177721     33.87%     33.87% |      347063     66.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total       524784                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |      560796     54.86%     54.86% |      461502     45.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total      1022298                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT     |      634717     46.93%     46.93% |      717731     53.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT::total      1352448                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS |       35775     54.59%     54.59% |       29755     45.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS::total        65530                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM |      702264     47.44%     47.44% |      778201     52.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM::total      1480465                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean |        3711     55.89%     55.89% |        2929     44.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean::total         6640                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty |          92     53.18%     53.18% |          81     46.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty::total          173                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |      298938     53.69%     53.69% |      257802     46.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total       556740                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |      331976     42.08%     42.08% |      456919     57.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total       788895                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       11526     50.17%     50.17% |       11447     49.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        22973                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      665526     47.08%     47.08% |      748098     52.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1413624                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      343658     42.31%     42.31% |      468511     57.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       812169                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack     |       46223     50.15%     50.15% |       45940     49.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack::total        92163                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data |         137     56.85%     56.85% |         104     43.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total          241                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |       11590     50.17%     50.17% |       11511     49.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total        23101                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks |          41     34.75%     34.75% |          77     65.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks::total          118                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX |        9281     60.13%     60.13% |        6155     39.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX::total        15436                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS |       13996     52.91%     52.91% |       12456     47.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS::total        26452                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT  |        3803     55.82%     55.82% |        3010     44.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT::total         6813                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX |        9178     51.56%     51.56% |        8623     48.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX::total        17801                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS |       51406     53.94%     53.94% |       43889     46.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS::total        95295                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT  |      630914     46.89%     46.89% |      714721     53.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT::total      1345635                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ |         137     56.85%     56.85% |         104     43.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ::total          241                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX  |         172     54.60%     54.60% |         143     45.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX::total          315                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS  |        4270     49.71%     49.71% |        4319     50.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS::total         8589                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX  |      158961     32.37%     32.37% |      332065     67.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX::total       491026                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS  |      490734     55.08%     55.08% |      400228     44.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS::total       890962                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ |       11389     50.10%     50.10% |       11343     49.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ::total        22732                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX |          92     67.15%     67.15% |          45     32.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX::total          137                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS |          41     34.75%     34.75% |          77     65.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS::total          118                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS |       31373     55.34%     55.34% |       25320     44.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS::total        56693                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM |      702222     47.44%     47.44% |      778117     52.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM::total      1480339                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS |          91     71.09%     71.09% |          37     28.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM |           1     11.11%     11.11% |           8     88.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockS::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM |          41     35.04%     35.04% |          76     64.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM::total          117                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS |          41     34.45%     34.45% |          78     65.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS::total          119                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks |          41     34.75%     34.75% |          77     65.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks::total          118                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.GETX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS |        4270     49.71%     49.71% |        4319     50.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS::total         8589                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.GETS |          27     51.92%     51.92% |          25     48.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.GETS::total           52                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data |      649867     47.01%     47.01% |      732436     52.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data::total      1382303                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data |        4270     49.71%     49.71% |        4319     50.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data::total         8589                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack |         256     50.00%     50.00% |         256     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack::total          512                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data |       11389     50.10%     50.10% |       11343     49.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data::total        22732                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack |       45540     50.09%     50.09% |       45368     49.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack::total        90908                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack |         411     56.85%     56.85% |         312     43.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack::total          723                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data |         137     56.85%     56.85% |         104     43.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data::total          241                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |         137     56.85%     56.85% |         104     43.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total          241                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack |          16     80.00%     80.00% |           4     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack::total           20                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |       11389     50.10%     50.10% |       11343     49.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total        22732                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX |          34     53.12%     53.12% |          30     46.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX::total           64                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS |         322     38.89%     38.89% |         506     61.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS::total          828                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean |        3711     55.89%     55.89% |        2929     44.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean::total         6640                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty |          92     53.18%     53.18% |          81     46.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty::total          173                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |      298938     53.69%     53.69% |      257802     46.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total       556740                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |      331976     42.08%     42.08% |      456919     57.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total       788895                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack |          92     53.18%     53.18% |          81     46.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack::total          173                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack |      343502     42.31%     42.31% |      468366     57.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack::total       811868                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       22973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        22973                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       22973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          22973                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total             128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       22973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        22973                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       22973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        22973                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |   354332310     93.57%     93.57% |    22546313      5.95%     99.52% |      839899      0.22%     99.74% |      983130      0.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    378701652                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |  1865355843     94.37%     94.37% |   101738655      5.15%     99.52% |     3996607      0.20%     99.72% |     5540459      0.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1976631564                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    40080118     73.64%     73.64% |    12916882     23.73%     97.37% |      614772      1.13%     98.50% |      814725      1.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     54426497                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |     1203821     87.61%     87.61% |      164711     11.99%     99.60% |          83      0.01%     99.60% |        5454      0.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1374069                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2  |     2078486     78.24%     78.24% |      416005     15.66%     93.90% |       66059      2.49%     96.39% |       95899      3.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2::total      2656449                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |      784879     81.41%     81.41% |      138484     14.36%     95.77% |       12792      1.33%     97.10% |       27951      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       964106                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       49244     24.97%     24.97% |       80569     40.86%     65.84% |       33468     16.97%     82.81% |       33897     17.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       197178                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1 |      834123     71.83%     71.83% |      219053     18.86%     90.69% |       46260      3.98%     94.67% |       61848      5.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      1161284                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX |       58527      3.72%      3.72% |      482878     30.67%     34.39% |      516096     32.78%     67.18% |      516745     32.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX::total      1574246                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS |      255445      8.09%      8.09% |      875207     27.73%     35.83% |     1019492     32.31%     68.13% |     1005642     31.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS::total      3155786                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS |          12     10.17%     10.17% |          54     45.76%     55.93% |          32     27.12%     83.05% |          20     16.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS::total          118                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |     3704135     83.41%     83.41% |      562147     12.66%     96.07% |       61596      1.39%     97.46% |      112888      2.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total      4440766                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack |       17485     41.47%     41.47% |        9173     21.76%     63.23% |       11646     27.62%     90.85% |        3857      9.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack::total        42161                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        8946     37.19%     37.19% |        6680     27.77%     64.95% |        4193     17.43%     82.38% |        4238     17.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        24057                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data |       13617     23.91%     23.91% |       22749     39.95%     63.87% |       13100     23.01%     86.87% |        7475     13.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data::total        56941                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |     1232418     84.14%     84.14% |      181336     12.38%     96.52% |       16106      1.10%     97.62% |       34854      2.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      1464714                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |     1199731     88.71%     88.71% |      147874     10.93%     99.64% |          52      0.00%     99.65% |        4791      0.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      1352448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       15851     24.52%     24.52% |       25156     38.92%     63.44% |       14788     22.88%     86.31% |        8847     13.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total        64642                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers |     1239172     83.65%     83.65% |      185768     12.54%     96.19% |       18660      1.26%     97.45% |       37753      2.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers::total      1481353                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      781255     78.14%     78.14% |      161350     16.14%     94.28% |       21288      2.13%     96.41% |       35917      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       999810                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        7589     35.12%     35.12% |        7746     35.85%     70.97% |        3550     16.43%     87.40% |        2722     12.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        21607                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |      461749     89.78%     89.78% |       39322      7.65%     97.42% |        7117      1.38%     98.81% |        6135      1.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       514323                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX |       55715      3.66%      3.66% |      467264     30.67%     34.32% |      502918     33.01%     67.33% |      497826     32.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX::total      1523723                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS |      224649      7.51%      7.51% |      840022     28.08%     35.59% |      994760     33.25%     68.84% |      932156     31.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS::total      2991587                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      799419     45.32%     45.32% |      705256     39.98%     85.30% |      160487      9.10%     94.39% |       98881      5.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      1764043                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    17527621     32.94%     32.94% |    28644995     53.84%     86.78% |     3767167      7.08%     93.86% |     3266964      6.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     53206747                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        4257     44.82%     44.82% |        2088     21.98%     66.80% |        1421     14.96%     81.76% |        1733     18.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         9499                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement |        4090     18.92%     18.92% |       16837     77.87%     96.79% |          31      0.14%     96.93% |         663      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement::total        21621                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2 |       78689     35.80%     35.80% |       68478     31.16%     66.96% |       43045     19.59%     86.55% |       29571     13.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2::total       219783                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |       25403     59.07%     59.07% |       10055     23.38%     82.45% |        3873      9.01%     91.46% |        3674      8.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total        43005                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       41920     31.35%     31.35% |       39752     29.73%     61.09% |       31205     23.34%     84.42% |       20825     15.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       133702                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX |         331      1.88%      1.88% |        6752     38.43%     40.32% |        7394     42.09%     82.41% |        3091     17.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX::total        17568                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS |        6571     15.59%     15.59% |       14531     34.47%     50.05% |       10953     25.98%     76.03% |       10106     23.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS::total        42161                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |         726      0.41%      0.41% |       68797     38.95%     39.36% |       12581      7.12%     46.48% |       94545     53.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total       176649                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch  |        2043      0.04%      0.04% |     2434539     50.85%     50.89% |      156601      3.27%     54.16% |     2194577     45.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch::total      4787760                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |          41     16.21%     16.21% |         146     57.71%     73.91% |          40     15.81%     89.72% |          26     10.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total          253                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement |        3297     48.39%     48.39% |        1944     28.53%     76.93% |           6      0.09%     77.01% |        1566     22.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement::total         6813                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2 |         477      0.98%      0.98% |       27586     56.66%     57.64% |        4425      9.09%     66.73% |       16200     33.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2::total        48688                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |         112      1.39%      1.39% |        3322     41.23%     42.62% |        1796     22.29%     64.90% |        2828     35.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total         8058                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |          58      0.15%      0.15% |       23888     61.41%     61.56% |        2173      5.59%     67.15% |       12779     32.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        38898                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX |         733      4.84%      4.84% |        2781     18.35%     23.19% |        4054     26.75%     49.94% |        7585     50.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX::total        15153                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS |         339      1.28%      1.28% |        3593     13.58%     14.86% |        3850     14.55%     29.42% |       18670     70.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS::total        26452                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Merged_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Merged_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |   274572041     98.49%     98.49% |     3991997      1.43%     99.92% |       93362      0.03%     99.96% |      116060      0.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    278773460                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |  1847766593     96.32%     96.32% |    70569243      3.68%    100.00% |       35027      0.00%    100.00% |       41585      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total   1918412448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      253962     74.95%     74.95% |       63248     18.67%     93.62% |        2718      0.80%     94.42% |       18907      5.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total       338835                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |      498783     87.79%     87.79% |       68643     12.08%     99.88% |          10      0.00%     99.88% |         689      0.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       568125                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2 |     1020205     89.26%     89.26% |      108348      9.48%     98.74% |        4815      0.42%     99.16% |        9576      0.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2::total      1142944                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |      497695     95.47%     95.47% |       17080      3.28%     98.74% |        1204      0.23%     98.98% |        5340      1.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       521319                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |        7266     29.56%     29.56% |       16929     68.88%     98.44% |          90      0.37%     98.81% |         293      1.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        24578                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX |         785     29.92%     29.92% |         753     28.70%     58.61% |         635     24.20%     82.81% |         451     17.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX::total         2624                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS |        8933     29.41%     29.41% |        5401     17.78%     47.20% |        5671     18.67%     65.87% |       10365     34.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS::total        30370                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS |           3      8.11%      8.11% |          23     62.16%     70.27% |           4     10.81%     81.08% |           7     18.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS::total           37                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |    77416168     80.57%     80.57% |    17512421     18.23%     98.79% |      543133      0.57%     99.36% |      617810      0.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     96089532                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |    39334951     73.54%     73.54% |    12775124     23.88%     97.42% |      598247      1.12%     98.54% |      779312      1.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     53487634                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement |      697651     89.73%     89.73% |       77287      9.94%     99.67% |          36      0.00%     99.67% |        2536      0.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement::total       777510                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2 |      979115     78.64%     78.64% |      211593     16.99%     95.64% |       13774      1.11%     96.74% |       40552      3.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2::total      1245034                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |      261669     66.80%     66.80% |      108027     27.58%     94.38% |        5919      1.51%     95.89% |       16109      4.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       391724                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX |         963      6.35%      6.35% |        5328     35.11%     41.45% |        1094      7.21%     48.66% |        7792     51.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX::total        15177                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS |       14953     22.95%     22.95% |       11659     17.89%     40.84% |        4209      6.46%     47.30% |       34345     52.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS::total        65166                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS |           9     11.25%     11.25% |          31     38.75%     50.00% |          28     35.00%     85.00% |          12     15.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS::total           80                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load   |       25272     59.42%     59.42% |        9796     23.03%     82.45% |        3850      9.05%     91.50% |        3614      8.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load::total        42532                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch |       41920     31.35%     31.35% |       39752     29.73%     61.09% |       31205     23.34%     84.42% |       20825     15.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch::total       133702                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store  |         131     27.70%     27.70% |         259     54.76%     82.45% |          23      4.86%     87.32% |          60     12.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store::total          473                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load   |         111      1.38%      1.38% |        3309     41.22%     42.60% |        1787     22.26%     64.86% |        2821     35.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load::total         8028                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch |          58      0.15%      0.15% |       23888     61.41%     61.56% |        2173      5.59%     67.15% |       12779     32.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch::total        38898                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store  |           1      3.33%      3.33% |          13     43.33%     46.67% |           9     30.00%     76.67% |           7     23.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store::total           30                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load   |      494797     96.17%     96.17% |       13901      2.70%     98.87% |         941      0.18%     99.05% |        4873      0.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load::total       514512                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch |        7266     29.56%     29.56% |       16929     68.88%     98.44% |          90      0.37%     98.81% |         293      1.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch::total        24578                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store  |        2898     42.57%     42.57% |        3179     46.70%     89.28% |         263      3.86%     93.14% |         467      6.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store::total         6807                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load  |      241456     73.54%     73.54% |       75992     23.14%     96.68% |        2391      0.73%     97.41% |        8509      2.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load::total       328348                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store |       20213     31.89%     31.89% |       32035     50.55%     82.44% |        3528      5.57%     88.01% |        7600     11.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store::total        63376                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |     1370180     91.14%     91.14% |      108692      7.23%     98.37% |       12186      0.81%     99.18% |       12328      0.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total      1503386                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        2298     41.80%     41.80% |        1147     20.87%     62.67% |        1042     18.96%     81.63% |        1010     18.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         5497                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |      459451     90.30%     90.30% |       38175      7.50%     97.80% |        6076      1.19%     98.99% |        5125      1.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total       508827                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Other_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Other_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        6736     49.59%     49.59% |        2227     16.40%     65.99% |        2459     18.10%     84.09% |        2161     15.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        13583                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data   |        4388     44.01%     44.01% |        2347     23.54%     67.55% |        1443     14.47%     82.02% |        1793     17.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data::total         9971                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         126     14.84%     14.84% |         477     56.18%     71.02% |         147     17.31%     88.34% |          99     11.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total          849                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers |          42     14.84%     14.84% |         159     56.18%     71.02% |          49     17.31%     88.34% |          33     11.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers::total          283                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack   |        3193     31.43%     31.43% |        3967     39.05%     70.49% |         816      8.03%     78.52% |        2182     21.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack::total        10158                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers |        6686     43.22%     43.22% |        3494     22.59%     65.81% |        2485     16.07%     81.88% |        2803     18.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers::total        15468                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |          83      7.33%      7.33% |         947     83.58%     90.91% |          69      6.09%     97.00% |          34      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total         1133                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |           5      5.68%      5.68% |          66     75.00%     80.68% |          13     14.77%     95.45% |           4      4.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total           88                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack   |        8958     19.41%     19.41% |       19074     41.33%     60.74% |        6325     13.71%     74.45% |       11793     25.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack::total        46150                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers |      772962     80.87%     80.87% |      143095     14.97%     95.84% |       10017      1.05%     96.89% |       29725      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total       955799                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |        1586     33.08%     33.08% |        1354     28.24%     61.31% |        1392     29.03%     90.34% |         463      9.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total         4795                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack  |        4899     38.00%     38.00% |        2233     17.32%     55.32% |        3967     30.77%     86.09% |        1793     13.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack::total        12892                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers |      459456     90.28%     90.28% |       38241      7.51%     97.80% |        6089      1.20%     98.99% |        5129      1.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total       508915                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      2.00%      2.00% |          49     98.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS::total           50                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack    |     2305792     81.66%     81.66% |      407846     14.44%     96.10% |       30864      1.09%     97.20% |       79118      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack::total      2823620                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack |       13475     41.20%     41.20% |        6675     20.41%     61.61% |        9998     30.57%     92.18% |        2559      7.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack::total        32707                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |        2260     26.31%     26.31% |        3186     37.09%     63.41% |        1708     19.89%     83.29% |        1435     16.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total         8589                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data |       13617     23.91%     23.91% |       22749     39.95%     63.87% |       13100     23.01%     86.87% |        7475     13.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data::total        56941                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |      772967     80.86%     80.86% |      143161     14.98%     95.84% |       10030      1.05%     96.89% |       29729      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total       955887                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |         159      5.80%      5.80% |        2522     92.04%     97.85% |          10      0.36%     98.21% |          49      1.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total         2740                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch |        2752     47.30%     47.30% |        1562     26.85%     74.15% |         794     13.65%     87.80% |         710     12.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch::total         5818                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |           3     15.79%     15.79% |          15     78.95%     94.74% |           1      5.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack    |        4251     14.11%     14.11% |       17631     58.52%     72.63% |        4832     16.04%     88.67% |        3414     11.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack::total        30128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack |        4010     42.42%     42.42% |        2498     26.42%     68.84% |        1648     17.43%     86.27% |        1298     13.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack::total         9454                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks |       15851     24.52%     24.52% |       25156     38.92%     63.44% |       14788     22.88%     86.31% |        8847     13.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks::total        64642                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers |          26      2.93%      2.93% |         779     87.73%     90.65% |          20      2.25%     92.91% |          63      7.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers::total          888                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           3     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           4     80.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack |        3297     48.39%     48.39% |        1944     28.53%     76.93% |           6      0.09%     77.01% |        1566     22.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack::total         6813                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |         783     95.72%     95.72% |          21      2.57%     98.29% |           0      0.00%     98.29% |          14      1.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total          818                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Ifetch |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Ifetch::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |          20     31.25%     31.25% |          33     51.56%     82.81% |           0      0.00%     82.81% |          11     17.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |     1196434     88.91%     88.91% |      145930     10.84%     99.76% |          46      0.00%     99.76% |        3225      0.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      1345635                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       67323     38.10%     38.10% |       49807     28.19%     66.28% |       35078     19.85%     86.14% |       24499     13.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       176707                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |         170      0.36%      0.36% |       27210     57.95%     58.31% |        3969      8.45%     66.76% |       15607     33.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total        46956                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Load   |          19    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Load::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Store  |          20    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Store::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |      504961     92.50%     92.50% |       34009      6.23%     98.73% |        1294      0.24%     98.97% |        5633      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       545897                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Load  |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Load::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Store |         281    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Store::total          281                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |      261669     66.80%     66.80% |      108027     27.58%     94.38% |        5919      1.51%     95.89% |       16109      4.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       391724                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
