
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.123805                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1123805370500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               53314249700501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 129235                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   172880                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              268282910                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1805168                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4188.88                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   541348507                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     724171969                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     42023936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          42023936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     24771712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       24771712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       656624                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             656624                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       387058                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            387058                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     37394319                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             37394319                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     22042707                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            22042707                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     59437025                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            59437025                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     656624                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    387058                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   656624                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  387058                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              42008960                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  14976                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               24771200                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               42023936                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            24771712                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   234                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            41011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            41358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            41324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            41072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            40242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            40460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            40298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            41022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            41230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            41115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           41296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           41596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           41138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           40967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           40726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           41535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            24247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            24770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            24568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            24416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            23498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            23620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            23614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            24156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            24397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            24320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           24473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           24638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           24167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           24028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           23912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           24226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1123812381000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               656624                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              387058                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 656370                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                     20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 18655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 18916                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 21334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 21933                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 22019                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 21924                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 21883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 21849                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 21859                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 21883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 21907                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 21983                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 21865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 21845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 21852                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 21770                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 21756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 21802                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       477498                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   139.853520                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    95.244405                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   179.915591                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       340754     71.36%     71.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        71860     15.05%     86.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        19646      4.11%     90.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        11309      2.37%     92.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14812      3.10%     96.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         8883      1.86%     97.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2057      0.43%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1644      0.34%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         6533      1.37%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       477498                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        21755                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     30.200689                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.681472                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-63         20559     94.50%     94.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-127         1151      5.29%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           34      0.16%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            5      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        21755                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        21755                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.791312                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.773893                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.770973                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16            2993     13.76%     13.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              91      0.42%     14.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           17258     79.33%     93.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            1302      5.98%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20             100      0.46%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               9      0.04%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        21755                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  8899053749                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            21206366249                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                3281950000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    13557.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               32307.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       37.38                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       22.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    37.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    22.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.65                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  354820                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 211119                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                54.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               54.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   1076776.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   54.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              1802281320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy               983387625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             2573844000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            1249972560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         73825620960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        187342142535                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        513844203750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          781621452750                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           691.517407                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 849764663250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  37526320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 236515781500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              1823494680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy               994962375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             2594779200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            1258228080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         73825620960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        188689414770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        512662377750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          781848877815                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           691.718623                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 848145982250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  37526320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 238139072000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     42037120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          42037120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     24791488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       24791488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       656830                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             656830                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       387367                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            387367                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     37406050                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             37406050                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     22060304                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            22060304                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     59466354                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            59466354                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     656830                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    387367                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   656830                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  387367                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              42019520                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  17600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               24790592                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               42037120                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            24791488                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   275                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            41064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            41334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            41216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            41086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            40301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            40418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            40300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            41117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            41323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            41150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           41317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           41545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           41160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           40911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           40755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           41558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            24348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            24735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            24531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            24444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            23558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            23576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            23662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            24227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            24453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            24336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           24487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           24643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           24190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           23958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           23935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           24270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1123803681500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               656830                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              387367                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 656528                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                     27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 18688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 18943                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 21254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 21934                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 22035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 21951                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 21893                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 21890                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 21880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 21872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 22058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 22056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 21876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 21817                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 21853                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 21771                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 21764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 21797                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       480498                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   139.043476                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    94.611529                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   180.042542                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       345847     71.98%     71.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        70212     14.61%     86.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        19107      3.98%     90.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        11198      2.33%     92.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14816      3.08%     95.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         8959      1.86%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2104      0.44%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1608      0.33%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         6647      1.38%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       480498                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        21764                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     30.184709                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.083698                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-63         20511     94.24%     94.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-127         1222      5.61%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           22      0.10%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            3      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        21764                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        21764                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.797877                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.780289                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.775132                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16            2984     13.71%     13.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              82      0.38%     14.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           17173     78.91%     92.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            1415      6.50%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              99      0.45%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               7      0.03%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        21764                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  8883221000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            21193627250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                3282775000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    13530.05                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               32280.05                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       37.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       22.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    37.41                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    22.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  355536                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 207873                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                54.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               53.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   1076237.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   53.97                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              1816146360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy               990952875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             2574101400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            1251262080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         73825620960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        187764409080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        513473794500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          781696287255                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           691.583615                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 849245021000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  37526320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 237031540500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              1832370120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy               999805125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             2596035000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            1258902000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         73825620960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        188844455340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        512526385500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          781883574045                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           691.749311                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 847973164250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  37526320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 238310652000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     42040576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          42040576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     24784576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       24784576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       656884                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             656884                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       387259                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            387259                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     37409125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             37409125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     22054153                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            22054153                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     59463279                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            59463279                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     656884                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    387259                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   656884                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  387259                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              42024512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  16064                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               24785216                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               42040576                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            24784576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   251                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            41070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            41475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            41227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            41089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            40295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            40438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            40300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            41086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            41277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            41155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           41341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           41587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           41150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           40859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           40760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           41524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            24346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            24697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            24518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            24443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            23565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            23592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            23666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            24202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            24467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            24377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           24522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           24619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           24200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           23934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           23925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           24196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 1123803852000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               656884                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              387259                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 656610                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                     23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                 18711                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                 18959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 21298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 21930                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 22003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 21930                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 21883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 21862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 21847                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 21878                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 22030                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 22094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 21845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 21803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 21854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 21768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 21759                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 21786                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       480306                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   139.098125                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    94.550738                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   180.531131                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       346130     72.06%     72.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        70009     14.58%     86.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        18824      3.92%     90.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10956      2.28%     92.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14875      3.10%     95.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         8958      1.87%     97.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2271      0.47%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1513      0.32%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         6770      1.41%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       480306                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        21759                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     30.464406                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    49.479178                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        21751     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            4      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        21759                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        21759                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.798107                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.780796                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.768260                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16            2966     13.63%     13.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17              69      0.32%     13.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18           17206     79.08%     93.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19            1431      6.58%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20              85      0.39%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        21759                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  8901371500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            21213240250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                3283165000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    13556.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               32306.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       37.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       22.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    37.41                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    22.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     24.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  355326                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 208268                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                54.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               53.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   1076293.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   53.99                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              1815390360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy               990540375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             2575131000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy            1250827920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy         73825620960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        187472105955                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        513730200750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          781659817320                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           691.551349                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 849596515250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  37526320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 236677714750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              1831606560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy               999388500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             2595301800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy            1258675200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy         73825620960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        188704573920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        512649088500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          781864255440                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           691.732220                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 848143560750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  37526320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 238135449750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     42209536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          42209536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     24949632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       24949632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       659524                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             659524                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       389838                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            389838                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     37559472                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             37559472                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     22201026                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            22201026                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     59760497                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            59760497                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     659524                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    389838                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   659524                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  389838                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              42194368                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  15168                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               24949120                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               42209536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            24949632                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   237                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            41216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            41459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            41355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            41285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            40459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            40614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            40483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            41225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            41487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            41382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           41479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           41808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           41325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           41082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           40914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           41714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            24426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            24871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            24640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            24639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            23744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            23779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            23823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            24352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            24591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            24562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           24644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           24840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           24370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           24095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           24057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           24397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 1123805191500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               659524                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              389838                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 659255                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                     32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                 18550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                 18793                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 21386                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 22092                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 22219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 22153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 22061                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 22093                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 22072                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 22074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 22112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 22146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 22084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 22014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 22045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 21971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 21961                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 21989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       497465                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   134.971023                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    93.972272                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   173.542315                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       350994     70.56%     70.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        85941     17.28%     87.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        19091      3.84%     91.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10906      2.19%     93.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        11317      2.27%     96.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         8583      1.73%     97.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2288      0.46%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1618      0.33%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         6727      1.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       497465                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        21957                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     30.052785                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.018535                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-63         20826     94.85%     94.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::64-127         1090      4.96%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           31      0.14%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            3      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        21957                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        21957                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.754247                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.736239                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.782794                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16            3294     15.00%     15.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17              95      0.43%     15.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18           17377     79.14%     94.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19            1104      5.03%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20              82      0.37%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21               3      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::23               2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        21957                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  9545907250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            21907538500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                3296435000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    14479.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               33229.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       37.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       22.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    37.56                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    22.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     24.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  337468                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 214184                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                51.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               54.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   1070941.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   52.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              1876785120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy              1024039500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             2583828000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy            1258986240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy         73825620960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        187235114490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        513938088000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          781742462310                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           691.624467                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 849723578500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  37526320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 236555983000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              1899918720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy              1036662000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             2607555600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy            1267228800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy         73825620960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        188501531085                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        512827188000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          781965705165                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           691.821983                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 848241825000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  37526320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 238036675500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2251235558                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1012695                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2195183                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              2147394                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    39                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      66084                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       142155                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     2147394                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           39                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            4379750                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           1774381                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  63                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                 31                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             1176110                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             647949                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       521341                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     320838                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    200503                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2246714050.715001                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              4521507.284999                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.002008                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.997992                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           228579                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                35875      1.63%      1.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  1622265     73.90%     75.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    3753      0.17%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    11941      0.54%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                     30      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  320838     14.62%     90.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 200503      9.13%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   2195205                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2249551278                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  533847894                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    709160084                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            508782915                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             331101068                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     432143                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     31465974                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   508782915                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    331101068                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         1070075210                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         339825689                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           564014582                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          276695748                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           220275067                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          241354055                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    152834530                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   94758870                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  58075660                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              8655013.097261                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2240896264.902740                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.996153                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.003847                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         33877225                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               954856      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                444058948     62.62%     62.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   25196      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   145125      0.02%     62.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              111149730     15.67%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                94758870     13.36%     91.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               58075660      8.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 709168385                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      2247494422                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     832795                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      1795067                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              1751186                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      48362                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       129420                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     1751186                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            3556081                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           1453962                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             1020610                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes             530009                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       422108                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     264211                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    157897                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              2243973949.201957                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              3520472.798043                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.001566                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.998434                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           193753                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                33440      1.86%      1.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  1324167     73.77%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    3406      0.19%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    11949      0.67%     76.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  264211     14.72%     91.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 157897      8.80%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   1795070                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      2245378953                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    2835086                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      5617958                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              5520804                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1826                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     143290                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       478635                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     5520804                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         1826                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           10986399                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           4482509                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                3068                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               1448                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             3557276                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            1932910                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1266887                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     821259                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    445628                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              2233943481.256503                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              11435471.743498                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.005093                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.994907                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           647284                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                35273      0.63%      0.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  4299098     76.52%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    4360      0.08%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    11055      0.20%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   1376      0.02%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  821259     14.62%     92.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 445628      7.93%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   5618049                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  708                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 708                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1390                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1390                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                11                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               11                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          600                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    4218                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          927                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2091                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1172                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1173                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1164                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5652                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                19497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             1165500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              721999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              789760                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy              725000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              724498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy                4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             2058500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              451500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              441000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy              442500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    936177020                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000519                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   936176768    100.00%    100.00% |         252      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    936177020                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      936177020                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.411931                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.029900                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         7.296070                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   936124881     99.99%     99.99% |       26270      0.00%    100.00% |       25476      0.00%    100.00% |         305      0.00%    100.00% |          76      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        936177020                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    933503631                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.066602                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.016099                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.813380                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |   927286280     99.33%     99.33% |           0      0.00%     99.33% |           0      0.00%     99.33% |           0      0.00%     99.33% |           0      0.00%     99.33% |     6217351      0.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    933503631                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2673389                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   121.995080                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   114.486531                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    61.872823                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     2621250     98.05%     98.05% |       26270      0.98%     99.03% |       25476      0.95%     99.99% |         305      0.01%    100.00% |          76      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2673389                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr           94                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       510189                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        10398                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       520587                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      1324895                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        14746                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1339641                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        16066                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses         9078                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        25144                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits    157032823                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      8763548                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    165796371                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits    762002810                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        20098                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses    762022908                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits      6149489                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses      2634157                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses      8783646                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          2469                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits       413262                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses         8707                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       421969                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      1094845                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses         9552                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1104397                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        10683                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses         7576                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        18259                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1220381                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        48582                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1268963                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      3687075                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        15109                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3702184                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        41113                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        22578                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        63691                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             5                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.061150                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2         9078                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::3           73                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4        15354                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::4      2677019                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2664236                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         9078                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        72624                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1105488                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     21416152                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     21313888                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        72624                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.637218                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::2      2634157                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2648810                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::4      7917799                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      1551094                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      2605130                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2605130                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1054036                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        39139                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      2634157                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     21073256                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    190714320                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     63342392                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    111678768                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     20841040                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     20841040                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      8432288                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       313112                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     21073256                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.061114                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7576                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::3           21                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::4        15570                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::4      2673292                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2665790                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         7576                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        60608                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          168                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1121040                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     21386336                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     21326320                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        60608                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.063615                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::2        22578                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::4        37032                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::4      2684944                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          428                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          579                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          579                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          151                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2650720                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        22578                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       180624                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2666304                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     21479552                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        30816                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4632                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         4632                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1208                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     21205760                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       180624                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.144211                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2       669144                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::4       656624                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       387058                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       650560                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       650560                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       263502                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       669141                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       669144                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5353152                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     47276928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     27868176                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5204480                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5204480                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2108016                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      5353128                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      5353152                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.144111                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2       664401                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::3           90                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::4       656830                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       387367                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       650855                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       650855                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       263488                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       664311                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       664401                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5315208                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     47291760                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     27890424                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5206840                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5206840                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2107904                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      5314488                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      5315208                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.144226                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2       667910                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::4       656884                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       387259                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       650939                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       650939                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       263680                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       667909                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       667910                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5343280                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     47295648                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     27882648                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5207512                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5207512                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2109440                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      5343272                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      5343280                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.144935                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2       671934                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::4       659524                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       389838                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       653355                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       653355                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       263517                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       671934                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       671934                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5375472                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     47485728                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     28068336                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5226840                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5226840                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2108136                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      5375472                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      5375472                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.146005                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2      2673389                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::3           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2673314                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::4      7976527                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      1551522                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      2605709                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2605709                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1054187                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      8019885                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      2673389                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     21387112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    192478608                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     63812216                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    111709584                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     20845672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     20845672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      8433496                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     64159080                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     21387112                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control      8020449                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      8019942                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     23929581                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      4654566                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     18796815                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Broadcast_Control     18713065                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control      8020167                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control     64163592                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    577435824                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    191436648                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    335128752                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    150374520                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Broadcast_Control    149704520                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control     64161336                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.061502                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           73                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         9035                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        19029                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2664236                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       650520                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       152232                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     21313888                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.060798                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         9078                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         6319                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      2657990                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         9078                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        72624                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       454968                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     21263920                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        72624                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.761808                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2634154                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4      7893316                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2605130                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        39139                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    189659088                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     63146528                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     20841040                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       313112                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.512627                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2      2634157                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        14656                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        24483                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      1551094                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      2605130                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1054036                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      2634157                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     21073256                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1055232                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       195864                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    111678768                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     20841040                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      8432288                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     21073256                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.061160                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           21                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         7551                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        15500                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2665790                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          168                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       543672                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       124000                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     21326320                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.061067                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7576                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         8019                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      2657792                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         7576                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        60608                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       577368                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     21262336                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        60608                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.064583                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        22574                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        48682                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          579                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2650720                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1625328                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       389456                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         4632                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     21205760                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.062647                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        22578                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        14458                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      2636262                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          428                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          579                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          151                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        22578                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       180624                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1040976                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     21090096                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        30816                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4632                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1208                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       180624                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.127599                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       669144                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       387058                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       650560                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       263502                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       669144                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5353152                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     27868176                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5204480                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2108016                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      5353152                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.160822                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       656624                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       650560                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       669141                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     47276928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5204480                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      5353128                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.127456                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       664401                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       387367                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       650855                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       263488                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       664401                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5315208                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     27890424                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5206840                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2107904                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      5315208                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.160765                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           90                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       656830                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       650855                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       664311                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     47291760                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5206840                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      5314488                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.127597                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       667910                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       387259                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       650939                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       263680                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       667910                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5343280                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     27882648                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5207512                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2109440                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      5343280                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.160855                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       656884                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       650939                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       667909                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     47295648                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5207512                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      5343272                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.128343                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       671934                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       389838                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       653355                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       263517                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       671934                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5375472                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     28068336                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5226840                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2108136                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      5375472                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.161527                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       659524                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       653355                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       671934                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     47485728                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5226840                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      5375472                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.061502                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           73                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         9035                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        19029                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2664236                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          584                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       650520                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       152232                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     21313888                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.761808                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2634154                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      7893316                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2605130                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        39139                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    189659088                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     63146528                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     20841040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       313112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     0.061160                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::3           21                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4         7551                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::4        15500                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2665790                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          168                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       543672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       124000                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     21326320                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     0.064583                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        22574                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::4        48682                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          579                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2650720                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1625328                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       389456                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         4632                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     21205760                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     0.127599                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2       669144                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       387058                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       650560                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       263502                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       669144                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5353152                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     27868176                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5204480                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2108016                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      5353152                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization     0.127456                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2       664401                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       387367                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       650855                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       263488                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       664401                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5315208                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     27890424                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5206840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2107904                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      5315208                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization     0.127597                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2       667910                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       387259                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       650939                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       263680                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       667910                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5343280                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     27882648                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5207512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2109440                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      5343280                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization     0.128343                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2       671934                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       389838                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       653355                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       263517                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       671934                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5375472                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     28068336                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5226840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2108136                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      5375472                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    108791718                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       3.073679                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.171086                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     16.029017                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   108754200     99.97%     99.97% |       20656      0.02%     99.98% |       16703      0.02%    100.00% |         127      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     108791718                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    107158907                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.371742                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.093233                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.891884                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |   103175362     96.28%     96.28% |           0      0.00%     96.28% |           0      0.00%     96.28% |           0      0.00%     96.28% |           0      0.00%     96.28% |     3983545      3.72%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    107158907                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1632811                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   114.769197                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   106.980931                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    64.945603                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1595293     97.70%     97.70% |       20656      1.27%     98.97% |       16703      1.02%     99.99% |         127      0.01%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1632811                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     58737139                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       3.696813                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.189089                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     18.925715                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    58722584     99.98%     99.98% |        5594      0.01%     99.98% |        8727      0.01%    100.00% |         178      0.00%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      58737139                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     57710057                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.374562                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.093973                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.898768                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |    55548460     96.25%     96.25% |           0      0.00%     96.25% |           0      0.00%     96.25% |           0      0.00%     96.25% |           0      0.00%     96.25% |     2161597      3.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     57710057                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1027082                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   134.180320                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   128.730182                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    54.335502                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1012527     98.58%     98.58% |        5594      0.54%     99.13% |        8727      0.85%     99.98% |         178      0.02%     99.99% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1027082                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    768169130                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.001436                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000201                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.325849                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   768168432    100.00%    100.00% |         642      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    768169130                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    768163068                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.000696                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000167                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.083407                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |   768109625     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |       53443      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    768163068                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         6062                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    94.778291                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    79.303575                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    61.478256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        5364     88.49%     88.49% |         642     10.59%     99.08% |           9      0.15%     99.22% |           5      0.08%     99.31% |          34      0.56%     99.87% |           8      0.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         6062                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       212985                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.084602                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.183676                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     6.860015                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      212554     99.80%     99.80% |         369      0.17%     99.97% |          58      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       212985                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       210689                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.537190                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.137477                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.254629                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |      199371     94.63%     94.63% |           0      0.00%     94.63% |           0      0.00%     94.63% |           0      0.00%     94.63% |           0      0.00%     94.63% |       11318      5.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       210689                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2296                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    52.317073                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.691329                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    36.725142                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        1865     81.23%     81.23% |         369     16.07%     97.30% |          58      2.53%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           1      0.04%     99.87% |           1      0.04%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           2      0.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         2296                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       133024                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     3.288166                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.318982                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    10.992532                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      132919     99.92%     99.92% |          99      0.07%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       133024                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       127886                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.582394                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.149873                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.341964                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |      120438     94.18%     94.18% |           0      0.00%     94.18% |           0      0.00%     94.18% |           0      0.00%     94.18% |           0      0.00%     94.18% |        7448      5.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       127886                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5138                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.745232                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    40.125119                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    33.423322                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        5033     97.96%     97.96% |          99      1.93%     99.88% |           2      0.04%     99.92% |           2      0.04%     99.96% |           1      0.02%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         5138                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       133024                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      133024    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       133024                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       133024                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      133024    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       133024                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    927286146                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   927286146    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    927286146                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        43527                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.961932                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.909097                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.072049                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       43260     99.39%     99.39% |          38      0.09%     99.47% |         158      0.36%     99.84% |          71      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        43527                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples        43433                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.031957                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.007965                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.558175                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |       43279     99.65%     99.65% |          19      0.04%     99.69% |           0      0.00%     99.69% |           0      0.00%     99.69% |           0      0.00%     99.69% |         135      0.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total        43433                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples        43433                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.010890                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.007654                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.331118                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       43391     99.90%     99.90% |          14      0.03%     99.94% |          24      0.06%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           3      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total        43433                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples        43433                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.001750                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.001648                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.073066                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       43424     99.98%     99.98% |           9      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total        43433                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples        43433                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean     0.866829                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev     1.526714                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |       23747     54.68%     54.68% |       13796     31.76%     86.44% |        2857      6.58%     93.02% |          16      0.04%     93.05% |           5      0.01%     93.07% |           1      0.00%     93.07% |        3011      6.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total        43433                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      6217485                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999784                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999432                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.046424                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         134      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6217351    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      6217485                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2629862                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   123.452121                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   116.815537                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    61.328181                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     2577723     98.02%     98.02% |       26270      1.00%     99.02% |       25476      0.97%     99.99% |         305      0.01%    100.00% |          76      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2629862                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples      2629862                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.004569                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.000810                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.270192                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |     2629109     99.97%     99.97% |           1      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           3      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |         749      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total      2629862                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples      2629862                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.018184                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.012252                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.520901                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2628994     99.97%     99.97% |         119      0.00%     99.97% |          13      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |         736      0.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total      2629862                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples      2629862                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000010                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000009                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.006166                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2629857    100.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total      2629862                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples      2629862                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean    90.429359                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::gmean    82.355577                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev    61.342159                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |     2579524     98.09%     98.09% |       28163      1.07%     99.16% |       21820      0.83%     99.99% |         292      0.01%    100.00% |          51      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total      2629862                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    103175359                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   103175359    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    103175359                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        30408                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.431893                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.409886                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.430318                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       30314     99.69%     99.69% |           1      0.00%     99.69% |          25      0.08%     99.78% |          68      0.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        30408                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3983548                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999992                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999980                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.008678                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           3      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3983545    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      3983548                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1602403                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   116.312695                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   109.369869                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    64.575597                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1564885     97.66%     97.66% |       20656      1.29%     98.95% |       16703      1.04%     99.99% |         127      0.01%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1602403                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     55548336                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    55548336    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     55548336                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         4795                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    35.889468                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    35.762453                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.177591                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4639     96.75%     96.75% |          28      0.58%     97.33% |         128      2.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         4795                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2161721                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999426                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.998487                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.075735                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         124      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |     2161597     99.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2161721                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1022287                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   134.641349                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   129.505874                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    54.042759                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1007732     98.58%     98.58% |        5594      0.55%     99.12% |        8727      0.85%     99.98% |         178      0.02%     99.99% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1022287                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    768109625                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   768109625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    768109625                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1932                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.634576                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.629907                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.563893                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1922     99.48%     99.48% |          10      0.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1932                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        53443                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       53443    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        53443                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         4130                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   123.381114                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   118.461817                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    54.592145                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        3432     83.10%     83.10% |         642     15.54%     98.64% |           9      0.22%     98.86% |           5      0.12%     98.98% |          34      0.82%     99.81% |           8      0.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         4130                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       199371                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      199371    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       199371                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1865                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.940483                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.877476                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.161951                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1860     99.73%     99.73% |           3      0.16%     99.89% |           2      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1865                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        11318                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       11318    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        11318                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          431                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   118.853828                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   115.497490                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    41.416203                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         369     85.61%     85.61% |          58     13.46%     99.07% |           0      0.00%     99.07% |           1      0.23%     99.30% |           1      0.23%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           2      0.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          431                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       120438                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      120438    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       120438                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         4527                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.393196                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.325815                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.253397                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4515     99.73%     99.73% |           6      0.13%     99.87% |           3      0.07%     99.93% |           3      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         4527                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         7448                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        7448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         7448                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          611                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   129.854337                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   127.562844                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    36.436426                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         506     82.82%     82.82% |          99     16.20%     99.02% |           2      0.33%     99.35% |           2      0.33%     99.67% |           1      0.16%     99.84% |           1      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          611                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       133017                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      133017    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       133017                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples            7                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |      258211     24.94%     24.94% |      257589     24.88%     49.83% |      258358     24.96%     74.78% |      261023     25.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      1035181                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |      411108     25.08%     25.08% |      407039     24.83%     49.92% |      409758     25.00%     74.92% |      411083     25.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total      1638988                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT     |      650560     24.97%     24.97% |      650855     24.98%     49.94% |      650939     24.98%     74.93% |      653355     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT::total      2605709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS |        6215     30.51%     30.51% |        3325     16.32%     46.84% |        4745     23.30%     70.13% |        6083     29.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS::total        20368                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM |      662929     24.99%     24.99% |      661076     24.92%     49.91% |      663165     25.00%     74.90% |      665851     25.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM::total      2653021                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean |        1016     24.55%     24.55% |        1055     25.50%     50.05% |        1030     24.89%     74.94% |        1037     25.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean::total         4138                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty |           2     18.18%     18.18% |           3     27.27%     45.45% |           5     45.45%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty::total           11                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |      262486     25.00%     25.00% |      262433     24.99%     49.99% |      262650     25.01%     75.00% |      262480     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total      1050049                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |      387056     24.95%     24.95% |      387364     24.97%     49.91% |      387254     24.96%     74.87% |      389837     25.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total      1551511                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      656624     24.97%     24.97% |      656830     24.98%     49.94% |      656884     24.98%     74.92% |      659524     25.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      2629862                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      387058     24.95%     24.95% |      387367     24.97%     49.91% |      387259     24.96%     74.87% |      389838     25.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1551522                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks |           3      3.19%      3.19% |          90     95.74%     98.94% |           1      1.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks::total           94                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX |        1793     30.60%     30.60% |         683     11.66%     42.25% |        1620     27.65%     69.90% |        1764     30.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX::total         5860                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS |        2521     36.76%     36.76% |         762     11.11%     47.87% |        1284     18.72%     66.59% |        2291     33.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS::total         6858                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT  |        1018     24.54%     24.54% |        1058     25.50%     50.04% |        1035     24.95%     74.98% |        1038     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT::total         4149                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX |        1239     23.26%     23.26% |        1388     26.06%     49.31% |        1373     25.77%     75.09% |        1327     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX::total         5327                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS |        6964     27.43%     27.43% |        4648     18.31%     45.74% |        6748     26.58%     72.32% |        7028     27.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS::total        25388                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT  |      649542     24.97%     24.97% |      649797     24.98%     49.94% |      649904     24.98%     74.93% |      652317     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT::total      2601560                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX  |           6     33.33%     33.33% |           4     22.22%     55.56% |           6     33.33%     88.89% |           2     11.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX::total           18                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS  |        1609     24.90%     24.90% |        1587     24.56%     49.46% |        1542     23.86%     73.32% |        1724     26.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS::total         6462                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX  |      255027     24.92%     24.92% |      255314     24.95%     49.87% |      255186     24.94%     74.81% |      257784     25.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX::total      1023311                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS  |      399982     25.00%     25.00% |      399925     24.99%     49.99% |      400150     25.01%     75.00% |      400014     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS::total      1600071                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX |           6     19.35%     19.35% |           5     16.13%     35.48% |          20     64.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX::total           31                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS |           3      3.19%      3.19% |          90     95.74%     98.94% |           1      1.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS::total           94                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS |        4597     33.35%     33.35% |        1648     11.95%     45.30% |        3182     23.08%     68.38% |        4359     31.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS::total        13786                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM |      662926     24.99%     24.99% |      660981     24.92%     49.90% |      663164     25.00%     74.90% |      665851     25.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM::total      2652922                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS |           6     23.08%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |          20     76.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM::total            5                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM |           3      3.19%      3.19% |          90     95.74%     98.94% |           1      1.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM::total           94                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS |           3      3.19%      3.19% |          90     95.74%     98.94% |           1      1.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS::total           94                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks |           3      3.19%      3.19% |          90     95.74%     98.94% |           1      1.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks::total           94                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS |        1609     24.90%     24.90% |        1587     24.56%     49.46% |        1542     23.86%     73.32% |        1724     26.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS::total         6462                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data |      655015     24.97%     24.97% |      655243     24.98%     49.95% |      655342     24.98%     74.93% |      657800     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data::total      2623400                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data |        1609     24.90%     24.90% |        1587     24.56%     49.46% |        1542     23.86%     73.32% |        1724     26.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data::total         6462                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX |         140     22.08%     22.08% |         195     30.76%     52.84% |         153     24.13%     76.97% |         146     23.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX::total          634                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS |          29     25.22%     25.22% |          27     23.48%     48.70% |          33     28.70%     77.39% |          26     22.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS::total          115                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean |        1016     24.55%     24.55% |        1055     25.50%     50.05% |        1030     24.89%     74.94% |        1037     25.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean::total         4138                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty |           2     18.18%     18.18% |           3     27.27%     45.45% |           5     45.45%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty::total           11                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |      262486     25.00%     25.00% |      262433     24.99%     49.99% |      262650     25.01%     75.00% |      262480     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total      1050049                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |      387056     24.95%     24.95% |      387364     24.97%     49.91% |      387254     24.96%     74.87% |      389837     25.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total      1551511                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack |           2     18.18%     18.18% |           3     27.27%     45.45% |           5     45.45%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack::total           11                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack |      387056     24.95%     24.95% |      387364     24.97%     49.91% |      387254     24.96%     74.87% |      389837     25.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack::total      1551511                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      294692      0.27%      0.27% |   107501156     98.81%     99.08% |      245420      0.23%     99.31% |      750564      0.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    108791832                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     1339641      0.17%      0.17% |   762022909     99.20%     99.37% |     1104397      0.14%     99.52% |     3702184      0.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    768169131                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      225914      0.38%      0.38% |    58295960     98.44%     98.83% |      176549      0.30%     99.12% |      518402      0.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     59216825                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2609112     99.97%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |         796      0.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      2609908                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2  |       18842      0.21%      0.21% |     8781380     98.97%     99.19% |       13086      0.15%     99.33% |       59026      0.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2::total      8872334                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        1687      0.03%      0.03% |     6134017     99.51%     99.54% |        1580      0.03%     99.57% |       26762      0.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      6164046                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       14384     26.91%     26.91% |       15577     29.15%     56.06% |        9106     17.04%     73.10% |       14376     26.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        53443                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       16071      0.26%      0.26% |     6149594     98.91%     99.17% |       10686      0.17%     99.34% |       41138      0.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      6217489                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX |     1031227     33.23%     33.23% |       10282      0.33%     33.56% |     1033042     33.29%     66.84% |     1028997     33.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX::total      3103548                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS |     1633009     33.22%     33.22% |       28857      0.59%     33.80% |     1632748     33.21%     67.01% |     1621723     32.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS::total      4916337                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS |          73     77.66%     77.66% |           0      0.00%     77.66% |          21     22.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS::total           94                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       16130      0.20%      0.20% |     7880688     99.04%     99.24% |       13371      0.17%     99.41% |       47181      0.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total      7957370                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack |        2899     15.13%     15.13% |       12628     65.92%     81.05% |        2129     11.11%     92.16% |        1501      7.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack::total        19157                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        2683     21.88%     21.88% |        7059     57.55%     79.43% |        1113      9.07%     88.50% |        1410     11.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        12265                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data |        3633     26.13%     26.13% |        4409     31.71%     57.83% |        3463     24.90%     82.73% |        2401     17.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data::total        13906                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |        2719      0.10%      0.10% |     2622686     99.08%     99.18% |        2975      0.11%     99.29% |       18763      0.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      2647143                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2605130     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |         579      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      2605709                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |        3840     19.01%     19.01% |       10317     51.08%     70.09% |        3510     17.38%     87.46% |        2532     12.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total        20199                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers |        5238      0.20%      0.20% |     2623840     98.89%     99.09% |        4066      0.15%     99.24% |       20046      0.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers::total      2653190                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        5427      0.33%      0.33% |     1605402     98.32%     98.65% |        5656      0.35%     99.00% |       16326      1.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      1632811                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         362      5.97%      5.97% |        4521     74.58%     80.55% |         446      7.36%     87.91% |         733     12.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         6062                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        1774      0.17%      0.17% |     1023408     99.27%     99.45% |         828      0.08%     99.53% |        4880      0.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      1030890                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX |     1027825     33.32%     33.32% |        5808      0.19%     33.50% |     1028085     33.32%     66.83% |     1023369     33.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX::total      3085087                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS |     1623747     33.38%     33.38% |       14646      0.30%     33.68% |     1622597     33.35%     67.03% |     1603944     32.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS::total      4864934                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       50302      0.71%      0.71% |     6890084     97.52%     98.23% |       46995      0.67%     98.89% |       78225      1.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      7065606                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     1149213      7.62%      7.62% |     9487898     62.95%     70.58% |     1082835      7.18%     77.76% |     3352043     22.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     15071989                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        1468     42.99%     42.99% |         718     21.02%     64.01% |         619     18.13%     82.14% |         610     17.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         3415                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3982     94.83%     94.83% |           0      0.00%     94.83% |         217      5.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement::total         4199                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2 |       14343     13.46%     13.46% |       65589     61.53%     74.99% |       10443      9.80%     84.79% |       16216     15.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2::total       106591                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |         929      1.76%      1.76% |       47822     90.57%     92.32% |         646      1.22%     93.55% |        3407      6.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total        52804                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       12228     29.04%     29.04% |        9108     21.63%     50.68% |        9104     21.62%     72.30% |       11662     27.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        42102                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX |        1941     26.41%     26.41% |        1443     19.64%     46.05% |        2360     32.11%     78.16% |        1605     21.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX::total         7349                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS |        4477     23.37%     23.37% |        2586     13.50%     36.87% |        4750     24.80%     61.66% |        7344     38.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS::total        19157                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |         435      0.32%      0.32% |      121643     90.52%     90.84% |        7572      5.63%     96.47% |        4739      3.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total       134389                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch  |        2324      0.04%      0.04% |     5402554     95.74%     95.78% |           0      0.00%     95.78% |      238180      4.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch::total      5643058                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |          42     57.53%     57.53% |           3      4.11%     61.64% |          24     32.88%     94.52% |           4      5.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total           73                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4033     97.20%     97.20% |           0      0.00%     97.20% |         116      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement::total         4149                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2 |         515      2.66%      2.66% |       15420     79.70%     82.36% |         545      2.82%     85.18% |        2867     14.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2::total        19347                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |         300      2.51%      2.51% |       10844     90.79%     93.30% |         540      4.52%     97.82% |         260      2.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total        11944                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |         149      2.15%      2.15% |        4111     59.37%     61.53% |           0      0.00%     61.53% |        2664     38.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total         6924                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX |        1113     19.24%     19.24% |          56      0.97%     20.21% |        2227     38.50%     58.70% |        2389     41.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX::total         5785                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS |         741     10.80%     10.80% |          97      1.41%     12.22% |        1937     28.24%     40.46% |        4083     59.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS::total         6858                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |       27176      0.08%      0.08% |    33214346     99.65%     99.74% |       23258      0.07%     99.81% |       64980      0.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     33329760                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |      173285      0.02%      0.02% |   747111940     99.96%     99.99% |       11775      0.00%     99.99% |       96719      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total    747393719                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |         347      0.06%      0.06% |      541647     98.08%     98.14% |         175      0.03%     98.17% |       10101      1.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total       552270                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1051345    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          43      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1051388                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2 |        2579      0.15%      0.15% |     1717775     99.61%     99.76% |        1017      0.06%     99.82% |        3088      0.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2::total      1724459                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |          72      0.01%      0.01% |      657747     99.90%     99.91% |          28      0.00%     99.91% |         567      0.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       658414                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |        2007     45.44%     45.44% |        2358     53.38%     98.82% |           2      0.05%     98.87% |          50      1.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total         4417                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX |         165     33.88%     33.88% |          46      9.45%     43.33% |         261     53.59%     96.92% |          15      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX::total          487                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS |        1197     17.21%     17.21% |         406      5.84%     23.05% |        2190     31.49%     54.54% |        3161     45.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS::total         6954                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS |          31     96.88%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS::total           32                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      209992      0.34%      0.34% |    61709781     98.51%     98.84% |      160676      0.26%     99.10% |      565066      0.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     62645515                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |      221784      0.40%      0.40% |    54555104     98.39%     98.79% |      174452      0.31%     99.11% |      495019      0.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     55446359                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1549752     99.97%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |         420      0.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement::total      1550172                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2 |        1405      0.02%      0.02% |     6982596     99.44%     99.46% |        1081      0.02%     99.48% |       36855      0.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2::total      7021937                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |         386      0.01%      0.01% |     5417604     99.57%     99.58% |         366      0.01%     99.59% |       22528      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      5440884                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX |         183      3.78%      3.78% |        2929     60.52%     64.30% |         109      2.25%     66.55% |        1619     33.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX::total         4840                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS |        2847     15.44%     15.44% |       11122     60.33%     75.78% |        1274      6.91%     82.69% |        3191     17.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS::total        18434                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS |          42     67.74%     67.74% |           0      0.00%     67.74% |          20     32.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS::total           62                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load   |         925      1.76%      1.76% |       47717     90.60%     92.36% |         644      1.22%     93.58% |        3382      6.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load::total        52668                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch |       12228     29.04%     29.04% |        9108     21.63%     50.68% |        9104     21.62%     72.30% |       11662     27.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch::total        42102                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store  |           4      2.94%      2.94% |         105     77.21%     80.15% |           2      1.47%     81.62% |          25     18.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store::total          136                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load   |         299      2.50%      2.50% |       10844     90.81%     93.31% |         539      4.51%     97.82% |         260      2.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load::total        11942                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch |         149      2.15%      2.15% |        4111     59.37%     61.53% |           0      0.00%     61.53% |        2664     38.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch::total         6924                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store  |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load   |          69      0.01%      0.01% |      657633     99.92%     99.93% |          28      0.00%     99.93% |         446      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load::total       658176                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch |        2007     45.44%     45.44% |        2358     53.38%     98.82% |           2      0.05%     98.87% |          50      1.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch::total         4417                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store  |           3      1.26%      1.26% |         114     47.90%     49.16% |           0      0.00%     49.16% |         121     50.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store::total          238                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load  |          66      0.00%      0.00% |     3243514     99.47%     99.47% |          45      0.00%     99.47% |       17134      0.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load::total      3260759                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store |         320      0.01%      0.01% |     2174090     99.72%     99.74% |         321      0.01%     99.75% |        5394      0.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store::total      2180125                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        3505      0.11%      0.11% |     3066992     99.58%     99.70% |         671      0.02%     99.72% |        8611      0.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total      3079779                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        1004     44.58%     44.58% |         302     13.41%     57.99% |         445     19.76%     77.75% |         501     22.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         2252                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |         770      0.07%      0.07% |     1023106     99.46%     99.54% |         383      0.04%     99.57% |        4379      0.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total      1028638                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        2458     57.19%     57.19% |         744     17.31%     74.50% |         126      2.93%     77.43% |         970     22.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         4298                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data   |        1472     41.45%     41.45% |         823     23.18%     64.63% |         621     17.49%     82.12% |         635     17.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data::total         3551                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         129     57.33%     57.33% |           9      4.00%     61.33% |          75     33.33%     94.67% |          12      5.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total          225                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers |          43     57.33%     57.33% |           3      4.00%     61.33% |          25     33.33%     94.67% |           4      5.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers::total           75                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack   |         713     16.22%     16.22% |        1263     28.74%     44.96% |        1921     43.71%     88.67% |         498     11.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack::total         4395                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers |        2476     42.67%     42.67% |        1125     19.39%     62.05% |        1066     18.37%     80.42% |        1136     19.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers::total         5803                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           9     42.86%     47.62% |           5     23.81%     71.43% |           6     28.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack   |        1539      9.43%      9.43% |         656      4.02%     13.45% |        1753     10.74%     24.20% |       12368     75.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack::total        16316                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers |        1948      0.12%      0.12% |     1599580     98.83%     98.95% |        2592      0.16%     99.11% |       14382      0.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total      1618502                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |         151      5.67%      5.67% |         140      5.26%     10.94% |         127      4.77%     15.71% |        2243     84.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total         2661                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack  |         295      7.88%      7.88% |         750     20.04%     27.93% |         339      9.06%     36.99% |        2358     63.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack::total         3742                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers |         771      0.07%      0.07% |     1023106     99.46%     99.54% |         383      0.04%     99.57% |        4381      0.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total      1028641                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack    |        4804      0.10%      0.10% |     4809266     99.34%     99.44% |        6777      0.14%     99.58% |       20343      0.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack::total      4841190                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack |        2648     15.70%     15.70% |       11578     68.64%     84.34% |        1418      8.41%     92.75% |        1223      7.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack::total        16867                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |         207      3.20%      3.20% |        5934     91.83%     95.03% |          47      0.73%     95.76% |         274      4.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total         6462                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data |        3633     26.13%     26.13% |        4409     31.71%     57.83% |        3463     24.90%     82.73% |        2401     17.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data::total        13906                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |        1949      0.12%      0.12% |     1599580     98.83%     98.95% |        2592      0.16%     99.11% |       14384      0.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total      1618505                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          69     97.18%     97.18% |           2      2.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total           71                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch |          73      8.50%      8.50% |         418     48.66%     57.16% |         235     27.36%     84.52% |         133     15.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch::total          859                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |          19    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack    |        2687     36.19%     36.19% |        1008     13.58%     49.76% |        1709     23.02%     72.78% |        2021     27.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack::total         7425                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack |         251     10.96%     10.96% |        1050     45.85%     56.81% |         711     31.05%     87.86% |         278     12.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack::total         2290                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks |        3840     19.01%     19.01% |       10317     51.08%     70.09% |        3510     17.38%     87.46% |        2532     12.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks::total        20199                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          26     15.38%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |         143     84.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers::total          169                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4033     97.20%     97.20% |           0      0.00%     97.20% |         116      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack::total         4149                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         114    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total          114                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         631     99.53%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           3      0.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total          634                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2601097     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |         463      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      2601560                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       13157     13.86%     13.86% |       56930     59.99%     73.85% |        9750     10.27%     84.12% |       15069     15.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1::total        94906                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |         449      2.38%      2.38% |       14955     79.26%     81.64% |         540      2.86%     84.50% |        2924     15.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total        18868                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        2079      0.31%      0.31% |      660105     99.59%     99.90% |          30      0.00%     99.91% |         617      0.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       662831                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |         386      0.01%      0.01% |     5417604     99.57%     99.58% |         366      0.01%     99.59% |       22528      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      5440884                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.149137                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1149136935000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               53339581265001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 129094                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   174202                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              267040958                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2038640                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4303.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   555520417                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     749628932                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     42582976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          42582976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     24940480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       24940480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       665359                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             665359                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       389695                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            389695                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     37056485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             37056485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21703662                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            21703662                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     58760148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            58760148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     665359                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    389695                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   665359                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  389695                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              42565632                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  17344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               24939648                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               42582976                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            24940480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   271                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            41571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            41853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            41884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            41466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            40820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            40975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            40813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            41624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            41896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            41636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           41837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           42076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           41611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           41654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           41303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           42069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            24462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            24852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            24640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            24486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            23711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            23913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            23779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            24332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            24605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            24404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           24561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           24715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           24310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           24316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           24135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           24461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1149141628500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               665359                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              389695                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 664938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 18793                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 19056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 21480                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 22080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 22167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 22071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 22030                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 21996                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 22006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 22032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 22054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 22130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 22013                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 21993                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 22000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 21918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 21904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 21949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       483009                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   139.759880                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    95.239197                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   179.714208                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       344477     71.32%     71.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        73002     15.11%     86.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        19896      4.12%     90.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        11435      2.37%     92.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14898      3.08%     96.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         8937      1.85%     97.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2109      0.44%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1692      0.35%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         6563      1.36%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       483009                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        21902                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     30.396676                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    23.003983                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-63         20663     94.34%     94.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-127         1176      5.37%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           44      0.20%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            7      0.03%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            6      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            2      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        21902                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        21902                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.792074                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.774722                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.769466                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16            3001     13.70%     13.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              92      0.42%     14.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           17393     79.41%     93.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            1305      5.96%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20             100      0.46%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               9      0.04%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        21902                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  8989000248                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            21459400248                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                3325440000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    13515.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               32265.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       37.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       21.70                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    37.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    21.70                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.63                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  359886                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 211875                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                54.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               54.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   1089178.02                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   54.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              1821778560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy               994026000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             2606791200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            1258305840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         75480475200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        190762049340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        526046160000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          798969586140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           691.368166                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 870041814500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  38372360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 240727318000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              1845660600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              1007056875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             2629723200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            1266950160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         75480475200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        192498746715                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        524522741250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          799251354000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           691.611987                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 867847984000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  38372360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 242921148500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     42571456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          42571456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     24953536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       24953536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       665179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             665179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       389899                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            389899                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     37046460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             37046460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     21715024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            21715024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     58761484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            58761484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     665179                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    389899                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   665179                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  389899                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              42552128                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  19328                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               24952512                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               42571456                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            24953536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   302                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            41608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            41780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            41764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            41488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            40882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            40918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            40782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            41707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            41946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            41636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           41839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           41984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           41586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           41592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           41285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           42080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            24535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            24814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            24600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            24512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            23755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            23849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            23815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            24412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            24623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            24403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           24578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           24724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           24348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           24249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           24147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           24519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1149135810000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               665179                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              389899                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 664710                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    167                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 18823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 19079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 21395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 22075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 22176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 22092                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 22034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 22032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 22021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 22014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 22200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 22197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 22017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 21958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 21994                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 21913                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 21906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 21938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       485772                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   138.963893                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    94.607608                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   179.884383                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       349436     71.93%     71.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        71317     14.68%     86.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        19292      3.97%     90.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        11330      2.33%     92.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14889      3.07%     95.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         9018      1.86%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2152      0.44%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1649      0.34%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         6689      1.38%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       485772                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        21905                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     30.371833                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    22.859615                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-63         20611     94.09%     94.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-127         1248      5.70%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           30      0.14%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            7      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      0.00%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        21905                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        21905                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.798813                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.781302                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.773416                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16            2989     13.65%     13.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              83      0.38%     14.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           17305     79.00%     93.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            1418      6.47%     99.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              99      0.45%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               7      0.03%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        21905                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  8963197999                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            21429641749                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                3324385000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    13480.99                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               32230.99                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       37.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       21.71                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    37.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    21.72                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  360403                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 208586                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                54.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               53.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   1089147.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   53.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              1835001000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              1001240625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             2606034600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            1259109360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         75480475200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        191212075170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        525651400500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          799045336455                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           691.433715                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 869479842000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  38372360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 241283133750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              1853386920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              1011272625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             2629029000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            1267449120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         75480475200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        192648664125                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        524391226500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          799281503490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           691.638084                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 867684281750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  38372360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 243084837000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     42576576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          42576576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     24941568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       24941568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       665259                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             665259                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       389712                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            389712                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     37050916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             37050916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     21704609                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            21704609                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     58755525                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            58755525                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     665259                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    389712                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   665259                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  389712                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              42558976                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  17600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               24941504                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               42576576                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            24941568                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   275                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            41629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            41905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            41748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            41496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            40880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            40938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            40787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            41673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            41903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            41666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           41843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           42025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           41603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           41545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           41289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           42054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            24530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            24777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            24573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            24499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            23759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            23875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            23815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            24385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            24629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            24446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           24604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           24704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           24357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           24210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           24119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           24429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 1149134471000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               665259                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              389712                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 664822                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    161                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                 18840                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                 19088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 21433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 22070                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 22141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 22067                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 22021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 22000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 21985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 22016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 22168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 22231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 21982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 21939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 21990                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 21904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 21895                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 21922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       485511                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   139.030292                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    94.556916                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   180.363841                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       349620     72.01%     72.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        71136     14.65%     86.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        19027      3.92%     90.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        11063      2.28%     92.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14961      3.08%     95.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         9019      1.86%     97.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2325      0.48%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1560      0.32%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         6800      1.40%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       485511                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        21895                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     30.656132                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    49.930203                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        21883     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            7      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        21895                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        21895                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.799087                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.781829                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.767095                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16            2973     13.58%     13.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17              69      0.32%     13.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18           17328     79.14%     93.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19            1437      6.56%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20              86      0.39%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        21895                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  8980446000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            21448896000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                3324920000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    13504.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               32254.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       37.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       21.70                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    37.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    21.70                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     24.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  360232                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 208955                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                54.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               53.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   1089256.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   53.97                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              1834033320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy              1000712625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             2606939400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy            1258500240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy         75480475200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        190878156630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        525944311500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          799003128915                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           691.397192                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 869893875251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  38372360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 240868943499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              1852328520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy              1010695125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             2628685800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy            1266827040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy         75480475200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        192430309095                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        524582774250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          799252095030                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           691.612628                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 867973721000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  38372360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 242794945250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     42742400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          42742400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     25110656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       25110656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       667850                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             667850                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       392354                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            392354                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     37195219                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             37195219                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     21851753                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            21851753                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     59046972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            59046972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     667850                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    392354                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   667850                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  392354                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              42724800                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  17600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               25110464                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               42742400                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            25110656                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   275                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            41753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            41901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            41889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            41685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            41024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            41112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            40967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            41817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            42119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            41880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           41993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           42233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           41748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           41773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           41453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           42228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            24626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            24949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            24692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            24701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            23915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            24053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            23962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            24531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            24771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            24649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           24744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           24917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           24517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           24394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           24277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           24653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 1149137109000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               667850                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              392354                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 667410                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                 18682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                 18926                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 21523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 22233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 22360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 22295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 22202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 22233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 22212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 22214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 22252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 22289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 22226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 22154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 22186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 22112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 22102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 22130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       502687                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   134.945714                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    93.980003                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   173.448223                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       354540     70.53%     70.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        87022     17.31%     87.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        19286      3.84%     91.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        11032      2.19%     93.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        11405      2.27%     96.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         8635      1.72%     97.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2342      0.47%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1668      0.33%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         6757      1.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       502687                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        22098                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     30.238302                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    22.534636                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-63         20922     94.68%     94.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::64-127         1120      5.07%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           39      0.18%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            6      0.03%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            4      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        22098                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        22097                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.755442                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.737487                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.781658                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16            3302     14.94%     14.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17              95      0.43%     15.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18           17502     79.21%     94.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19            1110      5.02%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20              83      0.38%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21               3      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::23               2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        22097                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  9625252750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            22142284000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                3337875000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    14418.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               33168.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       37.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       21.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    37.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    21.85                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     24.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  342333                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 214909                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                51.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               54.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   1083883.02                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   52.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              1895080320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy              1034022000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             2615464800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy            1266470640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy         75480475200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        190722745845                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        526080636750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          799094895555                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           691.476600                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 869901451000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  38372360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 240866866250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              1921079160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy              1048207875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             2640604200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy            1276022160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy         75480475200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        192279953070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        524714665500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          799361007165                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           691.706873                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 867997004500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  38372360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 242773446000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2301073919                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1531474                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3193630                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              3125110                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  7491                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      93300                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       207343                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     3125110                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         7491                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            6416399                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           2548237                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               12375                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               6003                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             1644041                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             935478                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       785230                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     477168                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    308062                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2293944359.435103                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              7129559.564896                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.003098                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.996902                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           332407                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                44559      1.40%      1.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  2341137     73.30%     74.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    4554      0.14%     74.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    12553      0.39%     75.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   5742      0.18%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  477168     14.94%     90.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 308062      9.65%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   3193775                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2298648905                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  536882166                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    714852527                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            514416518                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             331117631                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     538816                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     31921951                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   514416518                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    331117631                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         1081195981                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         344327213                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           564041291                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          276708793                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           223328304                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          243373421                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    154084334                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   95484234                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  58600100                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              46249727.854938                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2252399177.145062                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.979880                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.020120                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         34509470                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               976678      0.14%      0.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                448460191     62.73%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   28762      0.00%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   149130      0.02%     62.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              111161990     15.55%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     80      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                95484234     13.36%     91.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               58600100      8.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 714861165                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      2297812754                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    2792856                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      5475044                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              5374228                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 21165                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     125211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       406763                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     5374228                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        21165                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           10989612                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           4293021                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               33759                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              16435                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             2919033                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1574924                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1355763                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     796853                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    558910                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              2285248883.270032                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              12563870.729968                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.005468                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.994532                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           587856                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                52367      0.96%      0.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  4033191     73.66%     74.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    5095      0.09%     74.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    13006      0.24%     74.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  15718      0.29%     75.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     75.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  796853     14.55%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 558910     10.21%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   5475156                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      2298273870                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   11493884                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     20704054                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             20478750                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5724                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     425480                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1493314                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    20478750                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         5724                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           40985425                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          16888920                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                9426                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               4501                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            11941489                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            8306012                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      4433612                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    2785214                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1648398                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              2255099615.002038                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              43174254.997962                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.018786                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.981214                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          2037879                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                63480      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 16158960     78.05%     78.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   30854      0.15%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    13169      0.06%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   4291      0.02%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 2785214     13.45%     92.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1648398      7.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  20704366                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 4542                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                4542                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3788                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3788                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               385                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              385                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          708                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3866                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          696                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          752                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          836                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          696                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         6656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          798                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   17430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          356                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          356                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1180                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3542                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1644                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3082                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         3328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         7832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    20064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                81500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              2865983                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             6118500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1122497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1236748                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1162491                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1146493                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              520998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             3194000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1876000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1170500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             7472500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            2                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes         8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            2                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   1896680838                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000800                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1896679624    100.00%    100.00% |        1214      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   1896680838                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     1896680838                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.410061                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.029849                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         7.270784                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  1896576086     99.99%     99.99% |       52695      0.00%    100.00% |       51270      0.00%    100.00% |         611      0.00%    100.00% |         152      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       1896680838                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1891263245                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.066484                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.016070                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.812661                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |  1878689421     99.34%     99.34% |           0      0.00%     99.34% |           0      0.00%     99.34% |           0      0.00%     99.34% |           0      0.00%     99.34% |    12573824      0.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1891263245                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5417593                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   121.351838                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   113.513227                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    62.046965                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     5312841     98.07%     98.07% |       52695      0.97%     99.04% |       51270      0.95%     99.99% |         611      0.01%    100.00% |         152      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      5417593                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr          597                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       765183                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        21052                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       786235                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      1999132                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        19883                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      2019015                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        24071                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        16864                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        40935                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits    158251853                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      8805523                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    167057376                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits    765987031                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        49958                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses    766036989                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits      6196269                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses      2659212                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses      8855481                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          2562                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1326277                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        34770                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1361047                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      3741953                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        23527                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3765480                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        31794                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        26503                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        58297                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      4320132                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses       116609                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      4436741                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits     15011580                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        29355                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses     15040935                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits       104339                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        41625                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       145964                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles            64                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.062769                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2        16864                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::3          156                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4        28500                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::4      2753008                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2726992                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        16864                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       134912                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1248                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2052000                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     22024064                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     21815936                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       134912                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.629666                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::2      2659212                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::3          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2683924                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::4      8015766                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      1557783                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      2616411                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2616411                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1058628                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        84648                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      2659212                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     21273696                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    193242528                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     64126128                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    112160376                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     20931288                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     20931288                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      8469024                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       677184                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     21273696                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.064587                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2        26503                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::3          137                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::4        44739                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::4      2764148                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2717522                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        26503                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       212024                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1096                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3221208                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     22113184                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          504                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     21740176                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       212024                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.067457                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::2        41625                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::3           78                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::4        66755                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::4      2770537                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         3740                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         4786                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         4786                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         1046                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2702461                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        41625                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       333000                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4806360                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     22164296                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       269280                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        38288                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        38288                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         8368                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     21619688                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       333000                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.142854                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2       687648                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::3          243                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::4       665393                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::4          102                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       389661                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           34                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       654557                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       654557                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       264896                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       687439                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       687648                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5501184                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1944                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     47908296                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          816                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     28055592                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          272                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5236456                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5236456                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2119168                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      5499512                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      5501184                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.142650                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2       681293                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::3          236                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::4       665207                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::4          100                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       389867                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       654688                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       654688                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       264821                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       681089                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       681293                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5450344                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1888                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     47894904                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          800                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     28070424                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5237504                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5237504                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2118568                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      5448712                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      5450344                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.142774                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2       685288                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::3           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::4       665288                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::4           99                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       389680                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       654760                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       654760                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       265080                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       685301                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       685288                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5482304                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          136                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     47900736                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          792                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     28056960                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5238080                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5238080                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2120640                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      5482408                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      5482304                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.143490                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2       689975                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::3            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::4       667880                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::4           98                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       392322                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       657199                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       657199                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       264877                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       690002                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       689975                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5519800                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     48087360                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          784                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     28247184                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5257592                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5257592                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2119016                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      5520016                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      5519800                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.000003                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.145594                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2      2744204                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::3          501                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2743844                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::4      8151929                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      1561530                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      2621204                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2621204                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1059674                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      8231623                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      2744204                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     21953632                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         4008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    197556768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     65215432                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    112430160                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     20969632                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     20969632                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      8477392                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     65852984                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     21953632                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control      8234115                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      8231536                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     24455787                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      4684590                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     18907020                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Broadcast_Control     19207077                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control      8232612                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control     65872920                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    592670592                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    195646296                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    337290480                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    151256160                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Broadcast_Control    153656616                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control     65860896                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.063436                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          156                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        16796                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        37564                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2726992                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1248                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1209312                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       300512                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     21815936                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.062101                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        16864                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        11704                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      2715444                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        16864                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       134912                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       842688                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     21723552                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       134912                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.752480                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2659002                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4      7955910                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2616411                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        84648                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    191448144                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     63647280                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     20931288                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       677184                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.506851                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2      2659212                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        24922                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        59856                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      1557783                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      2616411                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1058628                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      2659212                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     21273696                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1794384                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       478848                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    112160376                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     20931288                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      8469024                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     21273696                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.065710                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          137                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        26438                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        64790                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2717522                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1096                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1903536                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       518320                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     21740176                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.063464                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        26503                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        18301                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      2699358                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        26503                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       212024                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1317672                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     21594864                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          504                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       212024                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.069051                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           78                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        41487                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        93266                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         4786                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2702461                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2987064                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       746128                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        38288                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     21619688                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.065863                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        41625                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        25268                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      2677271                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         3740                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         4786                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         1046                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        41625                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       333000                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1819296                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     21418168                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       269280                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        38288                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         8368                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       333000                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.126228                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       687648                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4           34                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4          102                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       389661                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           34                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       654557                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       264896                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       687648                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5501184                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4         2448                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          816                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     28055592                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          272                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5236456                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2119168                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      5501184                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.159479                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3          243                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       665359                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       654557                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       687439                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1944                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     47905848                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5236456                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      5499512                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.125992                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       681293                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4          100                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       389867                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       654688                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       264821                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       681293                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5450344                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          800                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     28070424                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5237504                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2118568                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      5450344                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.159308                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3          236                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       665179                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       654688                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       681089                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1888                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     47892888                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5237504                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      5448712                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.126137                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       685288                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4           29                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4           99                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       389680                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       654760                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       265080                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       685288                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5482304                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4         2088                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          792                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     28056960                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5238080                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2120640                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      5482304                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.159412                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       665259                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       654760                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       685301                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          136                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     47898648                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5238080                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      5482408                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.126907                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       689975                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4           98                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       392322                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       657199                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       264877                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       689975                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5519800                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          784                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     28247184                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5257592                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2119016                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      5519800                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.160074                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       667850                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       657199                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       690002                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     48085200                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5257592                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      5520016                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000003                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000003                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.063436                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          156                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        16796                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        37564                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2726992                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1248                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1209312                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       300512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     21815936                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.752480                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2659002                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      7955910                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2616411                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        84648                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    191448144                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     63647280                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     20931288                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       677184                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     0.065710                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::3          137                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4        26438                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::4        64790                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2717522                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1096                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1903536                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       518320                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     21740176                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     0.069051                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::3           78                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        41487                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::4        93266                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         4786                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2702461                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2987064                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       746128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        38288                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     21619688                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     0.126228                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2       687648                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::4           34                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::4          102                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       389661                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           34                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       654557                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       264896                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       687648                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5501184                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4         2448                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          816                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     28055592                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          272                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5236456                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2119168                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      5501184                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization     0.125992                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2       681293                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::4           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::4          100                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       389867                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       654688                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       264821                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       681293                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5450344                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          800                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     28070424                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5237504                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2118568                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      5450344                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization     0.126137                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2       685288                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::4           29                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::4           99                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       389680                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       654760                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       265080                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       685288                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5482304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4         2088                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          792                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     28056960                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5238080                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2120640                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      5482304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization     0.126907                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2       689975                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::4           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::4           98                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       392322                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       657199                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       264877                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       689975                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5519800                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4          784                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     28247184                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5257592                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2119016                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      5519800                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization     0.000003                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    220725123                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       3.057726                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.169976                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     15.954249                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   220649847     99.97%     99.97% |       41413      0.02%     99.98% |       33544      0.02%    100.00% |         255      0.00%    100.00% |          60      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     220725123                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    217425113                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.369267                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.092585                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.885819                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |   209396317     96.31%     96.31% |           0      0.00%     96.31% |           0      0.00%     96.31% |           0      0.00%     96.31% |           0      0.00%     96.31% |     8028796      3.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    217425113                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3300010                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   114.303862                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   106.275193                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    65.017187                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     3224734     97.72%     97.72% |       41413      1.25%     98.97% |       33544      1.02%     99.99% |         255      0.01%    100.00% |          60      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3300010                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    119646131                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       3.664601                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.186774                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     18.801781                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   119616858     99.98%     99.98% |       11222      0.01%     99.98% |       17583      0.01%    100.00% |         356      0.00%    100.00% |          92      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     119646131                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    117568257                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.369271                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.092586                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.885827                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |   113226808     96.31%     96.31% |           0      0.00%     96.31% |           0      0.00%     96.31% |           0      0.00%     96.31% |           0      0.00%     96.31% |     4341449      3.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    117568257                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2077874                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   133.536786                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   127.741117                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    54.673496                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     2048601     98.59%     98.59% |       11222      0.54%     99.13% |       17583      0.85%     99.98% |         356      0.02%     99.99% |          92      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2077874                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   1555031549                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.002229                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000307                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.406084                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  1555029620    100.00%    100.00% |        1755      0.00%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |         105      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   1555031549                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1555010827                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.001039                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000249                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.101907                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |  1554849321     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |      161506      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1555010827                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        20722                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    90.322507                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    74.903608                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    60.145207                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       18793     90.69%     90.69% |        1755      8.47%     99.16% |          29      0.14%     99.30% |          16      0.08%     99.38% |         105      0.51%     99.88% |          24      0.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        20722                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       622725                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.832473                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.133138                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     6.098419                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      621787     99.85%     99.85% |         795      0.13%     99.98% |         133      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       622725                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       616872                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.376577                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.094502                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.903672                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |      593642     96.23%     96.23% |           0      0.00%     96.23% |           0      0.00%     96.23% |           0      0.00%     96.23% |           0      0.00%     96.23% |       23230      3.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       616872                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5853                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    49.881257                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    43.871122                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    35.278122                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        4915     83.97%     83.97% |         795     13.58%     97.56% |         133      2.27%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           2      0.03%     99.86% |           3      0.05%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           5      0.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         5853                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       327655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     3.350158                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.330535                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    11.189357                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      327410     99.93%     99.93% |         226      0.07%     99.99% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       327655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       314521                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.599101                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.154490                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.373207                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |      295678     94.01%     94.01% |           0      0.00%     94.01% |           0      0.00%     94.01% |           0      0.00%     94.01% |           0      0.00%     94.01% |       18843      5.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       314521                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        13134                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.282854                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    39.814124                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    34.012447                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       12889     98.13%     98.13% |         226      1.72%     99.86% |           5      0.04%     99.89% |           5      0.04%     99.93% |           6      0.05%     99.98% |           3      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        13134                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       327655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      327655    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       327655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       327655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      327655    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       327655                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1878688807                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1878688807    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   1878688807                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       124084                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.028859                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.947456                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.258008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      124080    100.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       124084                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples       123487                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.050289                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.012411                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.702307                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |      122822     99.46%     99.46% |          55      0.04%     99.51% |           0      0.00%     99.51% |           0      0.00%     99.51% |           0      0.00%     99.51% |         610      0.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total       123487                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples       123487                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.049228                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.018731                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     2.324911                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |      123485    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total       123487                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples       123487                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.001871                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.001761                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.075750                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      123461     99.98%     99.98% |          26      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total       123487                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples       123487                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean     0.825253                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev     1.453004                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |       67153     54.38%     54.38% |       41186     33.35%     87.73% |        7474      6.05%     93.79% |          58      0.05%     93.83% |          41      0.03%     93.87% |          14      0.01%     93.88% |        7561      6.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total       123487                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     12574438                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999512                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.998712                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.069876                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         614      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    12573824    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     12574438                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5293509                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   123.398757                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   116.771013                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    61.293451                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     5188758     98.02%     98.02% |       52695      1.00%     99.02% |       51269      0.97%     99.99% |         611      0.01%    100.00% |         152      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      5293509                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples      5293509                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.004631                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.000823                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.271654                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |     5291966     99.97%     99.97% |           2      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |          24      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |        1517      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total      5293509                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples      5293509                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.018196                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.012254                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.521288                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5291723     99.97%     99.97% |         269      0.01%     99.97% |          34      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |        1483      0.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total      5293509                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples      5293509                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000029                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000027                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.009854                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5293491    100.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total      5293509                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples      5293509                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean    90.375901                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::gmean    82.311406                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev    61.307440                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |     5192384     98.09%     98.09% |       56500      1.07%     99.16% |       43914      0.83%     99.99% |         585      0.01%    100.00% |         102      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total      5293509                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    209396299                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   209396299    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    209396299                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        80499                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.593125                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.525338                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.452389                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       80495    100.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        80499                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      8028814                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999978                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999941                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.014973                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          18      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     8028796    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      8028814                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3219511                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   116.321912                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   109.385591                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    64.542090                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     3144236     97.66%     97.66% |       41413      1.29%     98.95% |       33543      1.04%     99.99% |         255      0.01%    100.00% |          60      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      3219511                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    113226254                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   113226254    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    113226254                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        19627                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    35.194375                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    35.072049                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.108155                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       18950     96.55%     96.55% |         312      1.59%     98.14% |         365      1.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        19627                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      4342003                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.998724                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.996635                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.112949                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         554      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |     4341449     99.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      4342003                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2058247                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   134.474558                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   129.325394                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    54.078656                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     2028974     98.58%     98.58% |       11222      0.55%     99.12% |       17583      0.85%     99.98% |         356      0.02%     99.99% |          92      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2058247                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1554849321                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1554849321    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   1554849321                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         7433                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.557648                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.553188                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.549923                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        7408     99.66%     99.66% |          25      0.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         7433                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       161506                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      161506    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       161506                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        13289                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   122.073068                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   117.376550                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    53.199312                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       11360     85.48%     85.48% |        1755     13.21%     98.69% |          29      0.22%     98.91% |          16      0.12%     99.03% |         105      0.79%     99.82% |          24      0.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        13289                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       593642                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      593642    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       593642                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         4915                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.488301                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.412904                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.360477                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4901     99.72%     99.72% |           9      0.18%     99.90% |           4      0.08%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         4915                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        23230                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       23230    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        23230                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          938                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   120.058635                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   116.468142                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    43.272853                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         795     84.75%     84.75% |         133     14.18%     98.93% |           0      0.00%     98.93% |           2      0.21%     99.15% |           3      0.32%     99.47% |           0      0.00%     99.47% |           0      0.00%     99.47% |           0      0.00%     99.47% |           5      0.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          938                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       295678                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      295678    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       295678                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        11610                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.340224                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.270105                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.347238                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       11574     99.69%     99.69% |          34      0.29%     99.98% |           1      0.01%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        11610                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        18843                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       18843    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        18843                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1524                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   128.645013                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   124.779066                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    45.464372                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        1279     83.92%     83.92% |         226     14.83%     98.75% |           5      0.33%     99.08% |           5      0.33%     99.41% |           6      0.39%     99.80% |           3      0.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1524                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       327613                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      327613    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       327613                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           42                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          42    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           42                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |      265663     24.99%     24.99% |      264304     24.86%     49.85% |      265105     24.94%     74.79% |      268035     25.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      1063107                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |      422202     25.10%     25.10% |      417245     24.81%     49.91% |      420447     25.00%     74.90% |      422148     25.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total      1682042                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT     |      654557     24.97%     24.97% |      654688     24.98%     49.95% |      654760     24.98%     74.93% |      657199     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT::total      2621204                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS |        9961     28.84%     28.84% |        6811     19.72%     48.55% |        8215     23.78%     72.33% |        9557     27.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS::total        34544                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM |      677687     25.01%     25.01% |      674482     24.89%     49.90% |      677073     24.99%     74.89% |      680418     25.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM::total      2709660                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean |        1204     24.68%     24.68% |        1237     25.36%     50.04% |        1214     24.89%     74.93% |        1223     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean::total         4878                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty |           4     23.53%     23.53% |           3     17.65%     41.18% |           7     41.18%     82.35% |           3     17.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty::total           17                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |      263692     25.00%     25.00% |      263584     24.99%     49.99% |      263866     25.02%     75.00% |      263654     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total      1054796                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |      389657     24.95%     24.95% |      389864     24.97%     49.92% |      389673     24.95%     74.88% |      392319     25.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total      1561513                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      665359     24.98%     24.98% |      665179     24.97%     49.95% |      665259     24.98%     74.93% |      667850     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      2663647                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      389695     24.95%     24.95% |      389899     24.97%     49.92% |      389712     24.95%     74.88% |      392354     25.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1561660                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack     |         102     25.56%     25.56% |         100     25.06%     50.63% |          99     24.81%     75.44% |          98     24.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack::total          399                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data |          34     28.10%     28.10% |          28     23.14%     51.24% |          29     23.97%     75.21% |          30     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total          121                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |          34     26.15%     26.15% |          32     24.62%     50.77% |          32     24.62%     75.38% |          32     24.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total          130                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks |         243     48.50%     48.50% |         236     47.11%     95.61% |          17      3.39%     99.00% |           5      1.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks::total          501                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX |        2787     30.50%     30.50% |        1477     16.17%     46.67% |        2351     25.73%     72.40% |        2522     27.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX::total         9137                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS |        3354     33.06%     33.06% |        1561     15.39%     48.44% |        2106     20.76%     69.20% |        3125     30.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS::total        10146                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT  |        1208     24.68%     24.68% |        1240     25.33%     50.01% |        1221     24.94%     74.95% |        1226     25.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT::total         4895                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX |        4158     26.27%     26.27% |        3757     23.74%     50.01% |        3822     24.15%     74.15% |        4091     25.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX::total        15828                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS |       11747     26.14%     26.14% |        9083     20.21%     46.35% |       11731     26.10%     72.45% |       12382     27.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS::total        44943                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT  |      653349     24.97%     24.97% |      653448     24.98%     49.95% |      653539     24.98%     74.93% |      655973     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT::total      2616309                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_WRITE |          32     26.89%     26.89% |          28     23.53%     50.42% |          29     24.37%     74.79% |          30     25.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_WRITE::total          119                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX  |          33     29.46%     29.46% |          24     21.43%     50.89% |          26     23.21%     74.11% |          29     25.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX::total          112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS  |        2299     24.84%     24.84% |        2294     24.79%     49.63% |        2251     24.32%     73.95% |        2411     26.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS::total         9255                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX  |      258514     24.92%     24.92% |      258832     24.95%     49.88% |      258692     24.94%     74.82% |      261230     25.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX::total      1037268                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS  |      404513     25.02%     25.02% |      404029     24.99%     50.00% |      404290     25.00%     75.00% |      404180     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS::total      1617012                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     44.44%     44.44% |           3     33.33%     77.78% |           2     22.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX |          29     24.17%     24.17% |          19     15.83%     40.00% |          58     48.33%     88.33% |          14     11.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX::total          120                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS |         243     48.50%     48.50% |         236     47.11%     95.61% |          17      3.39%     99.00% |           5      1.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS::total          501                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS |        7394     29.95%     29.95% |        4277     17.32%     47.27% |        5889     23.85%     71.13% |        7128     28.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS::total        24688                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM |      677440     25.01%     25.01% |      674231     24.89%     49.89% |      677054     24.99%     74.88% |      680412     25.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM::total      2709137                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS |          25     25.51%     25.51% |           4      4.08%     29.59% |          56     57.14%     86.73% |          13     13.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS::total           98                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM |           4     18.18%     18.18% |          15     68.18%     86.36% |           2      9.09%     95.45% |           1      4.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM::total           22                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM |         243     48.50%     48.50% |         236     47.11%     95.61% |          17      3.39%     99.00% |           5      1.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM::total          501                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS |         243     48.31%     48.31% |         236     46.92%     95.23% |          19      3.78%     99.01% |           5      0.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS::total          503                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks |         243     48.50%     48.50% |         236     47.11%     95.61% |          17      3.39%     99.00% |           5      1.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks::total          501                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS |        2299     24.84%     24.84% |        2294     24.79%     49.63% |        2251     24.32%     73.95% |        2411     26.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS::total         9255                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.GETS |          13     24.07%     24.07% |          12     22.22%     46.30% |          13     24.07%     70.37% |          16     29.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.GETS::total           54                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data |      663060     24.98%     24.98% |      662885     24.97%     49.95% |      663008     24.98%     74.93% |      665439     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data::total      2654392                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data |        2299     24.84%     24.84% |        2294     24.79%     49.63% |        2251     24.32%     73.95% |        2411     26.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data::total         9255                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack |          96     24.43%     24.43% |         100     25.45%     49.87% |          99     25.19%     75.06% |          98     24.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack::total          393                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Exclusive_Data |          32     26.89%     26.89% |          28     23.53%     50.42% |          29     24.37%     74.79% |          30     25.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Exclusive_Data::total          119                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX |         142     22.22%     22.22% |         195     30.52%     52.74% |         153     23.94%     76.68% |         149     23.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX::total          639                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS |          33     25.58%     25.58% |          30     23.26%     48.84% |          37     28.68%     77.52% |          29     22.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS::total          129                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean |        1204     24.68%     24.68% |        1237     25.36%     50.04% |        1214     24.89%     74.93% |        1223     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean::total         4878                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty |           4     23.53%     23.53% |           3     17.65%     41.18% |           7     41.18%     82.35% |           3     17.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty::total           17                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |      263692     25.00%     25.00% |      263584     24.99%     49.99% |      263866     25.02%     75.00% |      263654     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total      1054796                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |      389657     24.95%     24.95% |      389864     24.97%     49.92% |      389673     24.95%     74.88% |      392319     25.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total      1561513                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack |           4     23.53%     23.53% |           3     17.65%     41.18% |           7     41.18%     82.35% |           3     17.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack::total           17                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack |      389659     24.95%     24.95% |      389864     24.97%     49.92% |      389673     24.95%     74.88% |      392319     25.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack::total      1561515                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total              2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total             128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      445156      0.40%      0.40% |   108205578     96.67%     97.07% |      758752      0.68%     97.75% |     2524044      2.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    111933530                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     2019015      0.26%      0.26% |   766036991     97.35%     97.61% |     3765480      0.48%     98.09% |    15040937      1.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    786862423                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      341098      0.55%      0.55% |    58852561     95.37%     95.92% |      602299      0.98%     96.90% |     1912711      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     61708669                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2621304     99.76%     99.76% |          10      0.00%     99.76% |        6350      0.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      2627664                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2  |       33095      0.36%      0.36% |     8850359     97.57%     97.94% |       49722      0.55%     98.49% |      137364      1.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2::total      9070540                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        5189      0.08%      0.08% |     6154758     98.49%     98.58% |       11346      0.18%     98.76% |       77613      1.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      6248906                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       18903     17.49%     17.49% |       41837     38.72%     56.21% |       20475     18.95%     75.16% |       26848     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       108063                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       24092      0.38%      0.38% |     6196595     97.48%     97.86% |       31821      0.50%     98.36% |      104461      1.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      6356969                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX |     1056118     33.13%     33.13% |       29194      0.92%     34.05% |     1051936     33.00%     67.05% |     1050299     32.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX::total      3187547                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS |     1670874     33.13%     33.13% |       55454      1.10%     34.22% |     1665586     33.02%     67.25% |     1652162     32.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS::total      5044076                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS |         156     31.14%     31.14% |         130     25.95%     57.09% |         137     27.35%     84.43% |          78     15.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS::total          501                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       33879      0.42%      0.42% |     7941287     97.74%     98.16% |       59881      0.74%     98.89% |       89871      1.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total      8124918                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack |        3685     13.85%     13.85% |       14623     54.95%     68.80% |        4909     18.45%     87.24% |        3395     12.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack::total        26612                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        2942     16.32%     16.32% |        9250     51.32%     67.65% |        2172     12.05%     79.70% |        3659     20.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        18023                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data |        5715     22.60%     22.60% |        8114     32.09%     54.68% |        6943     27.45%     82.14% |        4517     17.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data::total        25289                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |        8139      0.30%      0.30% |     2641638     97.82%     98.12% |       17323      0.64%     98.77% |       33311      1.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      2700411                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2616411     99.82%     99.82% |           7      0.00%     99.82% |        4786      0.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      2621204                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |        6061     17.79%     17.79% |       14607     42.87%     60.66% |        7559     22.19%     82.85% |        5844     17.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total        34071                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers |       10803      0.40%      0.40% |     2644605     97.58%     97.98% |       18944      0.70%     98.68% |       35781      1.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers::total      2710133                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        9529      0.57%      0.57% |     1617812     97.04%     97.61% |       12914      0.77%     98.38% |       26944      1.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      1667199                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         980      6.68%      6.68% |        8121     55.40%     62.08% |        3052     20.82%     82.90% |        2507     17.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        14660                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        4724      0.45%      0.45% |     1031174     97.65%     98.10% |        9398      0.89%     98.99% |       10702      1.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      1055998                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX |     1048943     33.26%     33.26% |       21211      0.67%     33.93% |     1042242     33.05%     66.98% |     1041392     33.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX::total      3153788                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS |     1658002     33.41%     33.41% |       31424      0.63%     34.04% |     1648196     33.21%     67.26% |     1624744     32.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS::total      4962366                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       79386      1.07%      1.07% |     6995657     93.94%     95.00% |      116484      1.56%     96.57% |      255524      3.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      7447051                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     1725292      6.21%      6.21% |    12069226     43.43%     49.64% |     2425517      8.73%     58.36% |    11571145     41.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     27791180                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        1557     28.04%     28.04% |        1708     30.76%     58.81% |        1052     18.95%     77.76% |        1235     22.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         5552                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4893     75.74%     75.74% |           3      0.05%     75.79% |        1564     24.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement::total         6460                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2 |       21204     12.02%     12.02% |       98747     56.00%     68.02% |       25530     14.48%     82.50% |       30860     17.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2::total       176341                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        2082      3.11%      3.11% |       55524     83.06%     86.17% |        2534      3.79%     89.96% |        6712     10.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total        66852                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       15962     18.40%     18.40% |       30926     35.66%     54.06% |       18978     21.88%     75.94% |       20865     24.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        86731                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX |        2547     27.82%     27.82% |        1684     18.39%     46.22% |        2934     32.05%     78.26% |        1990     21.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX::total         9155                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS |        5952     22.37%     22.37% |        5537     20.81%     43.17% |        5986     22.49%     65.67% |        9137     34.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS::total        26612                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |        3304      1.98%      1.98% |      137406     82.37%     84.35% |       11958      7.17%     91.52% |       14153      8.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total       166821                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch  |       81837      1.13%      1.13% |     6674234     91.84%     92.97% |       17361      0.24%     93.21% |      493545      6.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch::total      7266977                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |          53     17.73%     17.73% |          71     23.75%     41.47% |          60     20.07%     61.54% |         115     38.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total          299                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4388     89.64%     89.64% |           0      0.00%     89.64% |         507     10.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement::total         4895                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2 |        1420      4.74%      4.74% |       19436     64.85%     69.58% |        1480      4.94%     74.52% |        7637     25.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2::total        29973                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |         567      3.91%      3.91% |       11521     79.54%     83.45% |         782      5.40%     88.85% |        1615     11.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total        14485                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |         692      4.75%      4.75% |        7481     51.31%     56.05% |         614      4.21%     60.26% |        5794     39.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        14581                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX |        1691     19.54%     19.54% |         570      6.59%     26.12% |        2920     33.73%     59.85% |        3475     40.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX::total         8656                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS |        1035     10.20%     10.20% |         713      7.03%     17.23% |        2175     21.44%     38.67% |        6223     61.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS::total        10146                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |       52846      0.16%      0.16% |    33299948     99.20%     99.35% |       80229      0.24%     99.59% |      137076      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     33570099                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |      191754      0.03%      0.03% |   747242343     99.41%     99.44% |     1298068      0.17%     99.61% |     2946355      0.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total    751678520                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |        1243      0.22%      0.22% |      547487     96.87%     97.09% |        2176      0.39%     97.47% |       14280      2.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total       565186                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1055635     99.94%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |         627      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1056262                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2 |        4557      0.26%      0.26% |     1725632     98.90%     99.17% |        6140      0.35%     99.52% |        8418      0.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2::total      1744747                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |         681      0.10%      0.10% |      660129     99.37%     99.47% |        1538      0.23%     99.70% |        1987      0.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       664335                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |        2249     33.31%     33.31% |        3430     50.81%     84.12% |         883     13.08%     97.20% |         189      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total         6751                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX |         242     10.75%     10.75% |         902     40.05%     50.80% |         859     38.14%     88.94% |         249     11.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX::total         2252                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS |        2100     14.34%     14.34% |        2272     15.52%     29.86% |        3502     23.92%     53.78% |        6766     46.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS::total        14640                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS |          33     35.11%     35.11% |          20     21.28%     56.38% |           7      7.45%     63.83% |          34     36.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS::total           94                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      296408      0.46%      0.46% |    62178528     95.61%     96.06% |      528261      0.81%     96.87% |     2033317      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     65036514                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |      331573      0.57%      0.57% |    55091083     95.20%     95.77% |      586356      1.01%     96.78% |     1862294      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     57871306                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1556388     99.77%     99.77% |           7      0.00%     99.77% |        3652      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement::total      1560047                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2 |        5914      0.08%      0.08% |     7006544     98.41%     98.50% |       16572      0.23%     98.73% |       90449      1.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2::total      7119479                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        1859      0.03%      0.03% |     5427584     98.63%     98.66% |        6492      0.12%     98.78% |       67299      1.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      5503234                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX |        2695     19.68%     19.68% |        4827     35.25%     54.93% |        2981     21.77%     76.69% |        3192     23.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX::total        13695                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS |        3785     12.49%     12.49% |       15508     51.17%     63.66% |        5727     18.90%     82.56% |        5285     17.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS::total        30305                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS |         123     30.22%     30.22% |         110     27.03%     57.25% |         130     31.94%     89.19% |          44     10.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS::total          407                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load   |        2076      3.12%      3.12% |       55337     83.17%     86.29% |        2512      3.78%     90.06% |        6613      9.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load::total        66538                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch |       15962     18.40%     18.40% |       30926     35.66%     54.06% |       18978     21.88%     75.94% |       20865     24.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch::total        86731                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store  |           6      1.91%      1.91% |         187     59.55%     61.46% |          22      7.01%     68.47% |          99     31.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store::total          314                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load   |         552      3.86%      3.86% |       11382     79.58%     83.44% |         777      5.43%     88.87% |        1592     11.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load::total        14303                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch |         692      4.75%      4.75% |        7481     51.31%     56.05% |         614      4.21%     60.26% |        5794     39.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch::total        14581                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store  |          15      8.24%      8.24% |         139     76.37%     84.62% |           5      2.75%     87.36% |          23     12.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store::total          182                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load   |         530      0.08%      0.08% |      659460     99.52%     99.60% |        1152      0.17%     99.77% |        1508      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load::total       662650                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch |        2249     33.31%     33.31% |        3430     50.81%     84.12% |         883     13.08%     97.20% |         189      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch::total         6751                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store  |         151      8.96%      8.96% |         669     39.70%     48.66% |         386     22.91%     71.57% |         479     28.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store::total         1685                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load  |         490      0.01%      0.01% |     3249685     98.42%     98.44% |        4309      0.13%     98.57% |       47276      1.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load::total      3301760                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store |        1369      0.06%      0.06% |     2177899     98.93%     98.99% |        2183      0.10%     99.09% |       20023      0.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store::total      2201474                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |       11006      0.35%      0.35% |     3079539     98.27%     98.62% |       24275      0.77%     99.39% |       19068      0.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total      3133888                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        1031     35.51%     35.51% |         737     25.39%     60.90% |         480     16.53%     77.44% |         655     22.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         2903                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |        3693      0.35%      0.35% |     1030437     97.85%     98.20% |        8918      0.85%     99.05% |       10048      0.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total      1053096                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Other_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Other_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        2564     36.29%     36.29% |        1939     27.44%     63.73% |         709     10.03%     73.76% |        1854     26.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         7066                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data   |        1563     26.65%     26.65% |        1895     32.31%     58.96% |        1074     18.31%     77.27% |        1333     22.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data::total         5865                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         204     14.14%     14.14% |         630     43.66%     57.80% |         195     13.51%     71.31% |         414     28.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total         1443                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers |          68     14.14%     14.14% |         210     43.66%     57.80% |          65     13.51%     71.31% |         138     28.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers::total          481                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack   |         814     12.31%     12.31% |        2335     35.31%     47.62% |        2268     34.30%     81.91% |        1196     18.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack::total         6613                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers |        2594     29.58%     29.58% |        2632     30.02%     59.60% |        1554     17.72%     77.33% |        1988     22.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers::total         8768                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |          33     11.54%     11.54% |          96     33.57%     45.10% |         126     44.06%     89.16% |          31     10.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total          286                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |           4      3.01%      3.01% |           6      4.51%      7.52% |         104     78.20%     85.71% |          19     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total          133                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack   |        3388     13.21%     13.21% |        3134     12.22%     25.43% |        3154     12.30%     37.73% |       15971     62.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack::total        25647                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers |        4442      0.27%      0.27% |     1611195     97.82%     98.08% |        8301      0.50%     98.59% |       23244      1.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total      1647182                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |         384      6.55%      6.55% |        1496     25.51%     32.05% |         553      9.43%     41.48% |        3432     58.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total         5865                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack  |         833      6.09%      6.09% |        6377     46.64%     52.73% |        1282      9.38%     62.10% |        5182     37.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack::total        13674                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers |        3697      0.35%      0.35% |     1030443     97.84%     98.19% |        9022      0.86%     99.04% |       10067      0.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total      1053229                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack    |       11773      0.24%      0.24% |     4844168     98.39%     98.63% |       24583      0.50%     99.13% |       42952      0.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack::total      4923476                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack |        3116     13.65%     13.65% |       13262     58.10%     71.75% |        3671     16.08%     87.83% |        2779     12.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack::total        22828                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |         348      3.76%      3.76% |        6618     71.51%     75.27% |         618      6.68%     81.94% |        1671     18.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total         9255                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data |        5715     22.60%     22.60% |        8114     32.09%     54.68% |        6943     27.45%     82.14% |        4517     17.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data::total        25289                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |        4446      0.27%      0.27% |     1611201     97.81%     98.08% |        8405      0.51%     98.59% |       23263      1.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total      1647315                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |           2      1.09%      1.09% |         146     79.78%     80.87% |          29     15.85%     96.72% |           6      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total          183                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch |         249      8.25%      8.25% |        1228     40.68%     48.92% |        1007     33.36%     82.28% |         535     17.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch::total         3019                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |          19     52.78%     52.78% |           9     25.00%     77.78% |           4     11.11%     88.89% |           4     11.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total           36                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack    |        3297     25.15%     25.15% |        3165     24.14%     49.29% |        3415     26.05%     75.33% |        3234     24.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack::total        13111                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack |         569     15.04%     15.04% |        1361     35.97%     51.00% |        1238     32.72%     83.72% |         616     16.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack::total         3784                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks |        6061     17.79%     17.79% |       14607     42.87%     60.66% |        7559     22.19%     82.85% |        5844     17.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks::total        34071                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers |           2      0.42%      0.42% |         125     26.43%     26.85% |           2      0.42%     27.27% |         344     72.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers::total          473                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     75.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4388     89.64%     89.64% |           0      0.00%     89.64% |         507     10.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack::total         4895                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         118     97.52%     97.52% |           0      0.00%     97.52% |           3      2.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total          121                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         633     99.06%     99.06% |           0      0.00%     99.06% |           6      0.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total          639                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2612023     99.84%     99.84% |           7      0.00%     99.84% |        4279      0.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      2616309                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       18044     11.75%     11.75% |       86450     56.29%     68.04% |       21512     14.01%     82.04% |       27577     17.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       153583                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        1259      4.33%      4.33% |       19002     65.38%     69.71% |        1396      4.80%     74.51% |        7409     25.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total        29066                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        2930      0.44%      0.44% |      663559     98.88%     99.31% |        2421      0.36%     99.68% |        2176      0.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       671086                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        1859      0.03%      0.03% |     5427584     98.63%     98.66% |        6492      0.12%     98.78% |       67299      1.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      5503234                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
