
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.924690                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3924690378500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               55163671679001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 133134                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   226758                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              258475568                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1870280                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15183.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2021508058                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3443085788                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       648384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            648384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0       199104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         199104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        10131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              10131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0         3111                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              3111                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       165206                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total               165206                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0        50731                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total               50731                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0       215938                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total              215938                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      10131                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      3111                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    10131                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    3111                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                644992                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   3392                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 198784                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                 648384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              199104                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    53                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0              966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1              670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2              526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3              535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4              543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5              659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6              499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7              805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8              449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9              736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10             765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11             500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12             613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13             450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14             569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15             793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2              348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5               60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6               76                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9              239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10             304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11             167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14              55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15             266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 3924690165000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                10131                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                3111                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  10049                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                     29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                    89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                   186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                   178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                   191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                   189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                   194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                   197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                   181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                   184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                   179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                   181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                   178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                   181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                   177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                   179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                   177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                   177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples         4400                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   191.752727                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   114.919857                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   261.539403                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2616     59.45%     59.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255          973     22.11%     81.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          236      5.36%     86.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511           93      2.11%     89.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639           71      1.61%     90.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767           52      1.18%     91.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           43      0.98%     92.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           47      1.07%     93.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          269      6.11%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total         4400                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          177                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean    100.389831                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   619.048666                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          174     98.31%     98.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            2      1.13%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      0.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          177                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          177                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.548023                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.447469                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.953787                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16              96     54.24%     54.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18              25     14.12%     68.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              21     11.86%     80.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              25     14.12%     94.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               6      3.39%     97.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               2      1.13%     98.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               1      0.56%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::27               1      0.56%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          177                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   100656000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              289618500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                  50390000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     9987.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               28737.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.78                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                    6734                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   2050                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                66.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               65.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                 296381978.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   66.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                25008480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                13645500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy               68179800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy              10510560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        256589879520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         88220650185                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        2279707709250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2624635583295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           668.102836                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3790481236250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 131054040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3154751250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                28009800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                15283125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy               70457400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy               9616320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        256589879520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         88810488180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        2279190299250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2624714033595                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           668.122808                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3790094923250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 131054040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3541480500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       604672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            604672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1       183680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         183680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1         9448                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               9448                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1         2870                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              2870                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       154069                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total               154069                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1        46801                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total               46801                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1       200870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total              200870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                       9448                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      2870                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                     9448                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    2870                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                600000                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   4672                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 181952                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                 604672                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              183680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    73                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                   25                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0              866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1              631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2              440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3              538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4              521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5              639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6              472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7              798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8              440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9              690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10             691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11             460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12             555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13             402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14             525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15             707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4               19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5               56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6               70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8              136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9              212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10             272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11             164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14              38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15             244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 3924690462500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                 9448                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                2870                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                   9349                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                     26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                   173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                   165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                   177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                   169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                   178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                   183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                   165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                   166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                   166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                   164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                   169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                   162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                   166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                   164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                   163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                   163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples         3776                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   207.067797                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   120.491463                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   277.038942                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2214     58.63%     58.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255          746     19.76%     78.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          238      6.30%     84.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511           96      2.54%     87.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639           75      1.99%     89.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767           58      1.54%     90.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           37      0.98%     91.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           43      1.14%     92.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          269      7.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total         3776                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          162                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean    105.104938                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   645.092247                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          154     95.06%     95.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            6      3.70%     98.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.62%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            1      0.62%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          162                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          162                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.549383                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.453379                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.878457                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16              90     55.56%     55.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18              15      9.26%     64.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              21     12.96%     77.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              25     15.43%     93.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               8      4.94%     98.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               3      1.85%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          162                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                    90461000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              266242250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                  46875000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     9649.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               28399.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                    6446                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   1996                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                68.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               70.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                 318614260.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   69.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                22438080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                12243000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy               65488800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy               9635760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        256589879520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         88232603085                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        2279697216000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2624629504245                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           668.101291                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3790578410750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 131054040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3057624750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                25613280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                13975500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy               67384200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy               8786880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        256589879520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         88726339080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        2279264122500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2624696100960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           668.118241                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3790225565500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 131054040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3410852000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      7849798064                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   19776722                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     35167731                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             29756143                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses               8399337                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     629049                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      2093057                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    29756143                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                      8399337                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           57498043                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          22691594                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            14064330                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes            7474281                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            14473628                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           10612147                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      7877402                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    5833238                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   2044164                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              7769092732.585954                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              80705331.414046                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.010281                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.989719                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          2883078                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               130703      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 23285347     66.21%     66.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  214742      0.61%     67.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    41373      0.12%     67.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                3618219     10.29%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 5833238     16.59%     94.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                2044164      5.81%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  35167786                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      7850987953                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                 1994112420                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   3392169370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           2756828765                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses            1010088517                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   49914175                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts    199783515                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  2756828765                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                   1010088517                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         5216833080                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        2052002841                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads          1701898740                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          899765659                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads          1288279773                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes         1039129700                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    738078489                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  571711858                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                 166366631                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              69626676.456562                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              7781361276.543439                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.991131                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.008869                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        261103423                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1507165      0.04%      0.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu               2188713644     64.52%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                24040563      0.71%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   210297      0.01%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              439619365     12.96%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               571711858     16.85%     95.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite              166366631      4.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                3392169523                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      7844337130                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    2800095                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      6040248                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              5906630                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     165877                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       426752                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     5906630                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           11997109                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           4903691                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             3412042                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1794308                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1436018                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     894832                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    541186                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              7830879843.555792                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              13457286.444209                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.001716                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.998284                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           646389                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               113657      1.88%      1.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  4438220     73.48%     75.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   12283      0.20%     75.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    40076      0.66%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  894832     14.81%     91.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 541186      8.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   6040254                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      7852551949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    3444336                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      7173012                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              7033255                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1952                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     185617                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       524232                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     7033255                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         1952                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           14283496                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           5802530                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                3276                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               1552                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             4013653                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            2198155                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1695627                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    1052763                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    642864                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              7835446418.066443                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              17105530.933557                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.002178                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.997822                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           772154                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               111147      1.55%      1.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  5309427     74.02%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   16199      0.23%     75.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    39244      0.55%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   1456      0.02%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 1052763     14.68%     91.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 642864      8.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   7173100                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  113                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 113                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                4056                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               4056                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                17                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               17                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1988                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2016                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2008                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    8372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           66                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3980                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4070                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4011                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3998                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           87                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3972                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4105                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    16216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               162500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                29496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              114000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             2487994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             2221982                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             2480498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             2483498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               12496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1575500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1514000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1508000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1680500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           45                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       184320                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           45                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples              180045749                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.149346                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 1.082713                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |   176685955     98.13%     98.13% |        2127      0.00%     98.14% |     3357349      1.86%    100.00% |          94      0.00%    100.00% |         211      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                180045749                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   3590182201                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000247                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3590181982    100.00%    100.00% |         219      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   3590182201                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     3590182201                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.197700                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.067015                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         1.374120                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  3590175908    100.00%    100.00% |        5817      0.00%    100.00% |          80      0.00%    100.00% |         160      0.00%    100.00% |         155      0.00%    100.00% |          73      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       3590182201                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3454027781                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3454027781    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3454027781                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples    136154420                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     6.213048                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     5.531093                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     4.862489                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |   136148127    100.00%    100.00% |        5817      0.00%    100.00% |          80      0.00%    100.00% |         160      0.00%    100.00% |         155      0.00%    100.00% |          73      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total    136154420                      
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits      6970336                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses       908006                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses      7878342                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits     26991830                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses       604258                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses     27596088                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits    645230417                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses     92851467                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses    738081884                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits   2764208971                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses     40988752                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses   2805197723                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits      1275095                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses       160135                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses      1435230                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits      3511956                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses       209506                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses      3721462                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits      1500104                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses       196963                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses      1697067                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits      4339072                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses       235333                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses      4574405                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits       1350597                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses       161667                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses      1512264                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits     125199502                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses      8640717                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses    133840219                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits        301346                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses        68295                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses       369641                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits        336588                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses        95708                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses       432296                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      8927431                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        38956                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      8966387                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.007612                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0       161667                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2        17940                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1       172005                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1       129949                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2       108969                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        40805                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           63                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        55711                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0      1293336                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       143520                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12384360                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1039592                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       871752                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2937960                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         4536                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       445688                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.434682                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0      8640717                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2         5666                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1      8639835                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1      7969079                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2      7959463                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3273996                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           29                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4679590                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0     69125736                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        45328                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    622068120                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     63752632                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     63675704                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    235727712                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         2088                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     37436720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.002979                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0        68295                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2        19851                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1        78040                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1        36872                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::2        24528                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         8393                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           71                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         7265                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0       546360                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       158808                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5618880                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       294976                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       196224                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       604296                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         5112                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        58120                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.004125                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0        95708                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2        17243                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1       102875                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1        56703                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::2        45248                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        14979                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           46                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        19296                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0       765664                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       137944                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7407000                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       453624                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       361984                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1078488                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         3312                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       154368                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.448721                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0      8985879                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2        37128                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1      8977310                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1      8123013                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8138207                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3338173                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          209                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4761862                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0     71887032                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       297024                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    646366320                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     64984104                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     65105656                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    240348456                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15048                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     38094896                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.000410                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0        10085                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1        12253                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1         5570                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1491                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0        80680                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       882216                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        44560                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        11928                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.000379                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0         9407                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11324                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4682                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1483                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0        75256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       815328                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        37456                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        11864                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.000021                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2974                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        23792                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.069154                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0      8985879                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2        60700                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1      8996868                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1      8162934                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8138207                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3338173                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          209                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4764836                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0     71887032                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       485600                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    647774496                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     65303472                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     65105656                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    240348456                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15048                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     38118688                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        26957637                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       158528                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     26990604                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     48903424                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     10015146                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     14303148                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        215661096                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      1268224                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   1943323488                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    391227392                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    721090512                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    114425184                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.009834                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        17940                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       156185                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       120137                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       143520                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11245320                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       961096                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.005391                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       161667                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        15820                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9812                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       108969                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        40805                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           63                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        55711                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1293336                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1139040                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        78496                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       871752                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2937960                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         4536                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       445688                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.546015                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         5666                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      8638646                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      7964133                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        45328                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    621982512                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     63713064                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.323348                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      8640717                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1189                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4946                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      7959463                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3273996                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           29                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4679590                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     69125736                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        85608                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        39568                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     63675704                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    235727712                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         2088                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     37436720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004078                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        19851                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        66367                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        23026                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       158808                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4778424                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       184208                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001880                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        68295                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11673                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        13846                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        24528                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         8393                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           71                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         7265                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       546360                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       840456                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       110768                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       196224                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       604296                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         5112                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        58120                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005756                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        17243                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        93569                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        44280                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       137944                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6736968                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       354240                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002495                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        95708                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9306                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        12423                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        45248                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        14979                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           46                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        19296                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       765664                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       670032                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        99384                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       361984                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1078488                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         3312                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       154368                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.332910                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      8966387                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        38016                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         8676                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8138207                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3338173                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          209                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4761862                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     71731096                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2737152                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        69408                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     65105656                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    240348456                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15048                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     38094896                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.564532                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        19492                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        37128                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      8939294                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      8114337                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       155936                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       297024                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    643629168                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     64914696                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000205                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10085                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         2117                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1501                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1491                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        80680                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       152424                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        12008                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        11928                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000616                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10136                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4069                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       729792                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        32552                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000184                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         9407                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1874                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1181                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1483                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        75256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       134928                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         9448                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        11864                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000573                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9450                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3501                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       680400                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        28008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000024                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000019                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2974                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        23792                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.link_utilization     0.009834                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        17940                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1       156185                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1       120137                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       143520                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11245320                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       961096                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.link_utilization     0.546015                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2         5666                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1      8638646                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1      7964133                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        45328                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    621982512                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     63713064                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.link_utilization     0.004078                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2        19851                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        66367                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1        23026                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       158808                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4778424                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       184208                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.link_utilization     0.005756                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2        17243                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1        93569                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1        44280                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       137944                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6736968                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       354240                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.link_utilization     0.332910                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0      8966387                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        38016                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1         8676                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8138207                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3338173                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          209                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4761862                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0     71731096                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2737152                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        69408                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     65105656                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    240348456                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        15048                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     38094896                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.link_utilization     0.000205                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0        10085                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1         2117                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1501                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1491                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0        80680                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       152424                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        12008                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        11928                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.link_utilization     0.000184                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0         9407                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1874                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1181                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1483                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0        75256                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       134928                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         9448                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        11864                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.link_utilization     0.000024                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle12.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      25204629                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.059931                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        2.712568                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    21865809     86.75%     86.75% |         393      0.00%     86.75% |     3338113     13.24%    100.00% |          92      0.00%    100.00% |         209      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        25204629                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples     153307664                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.001135                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.092255                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |   153281322     99.98%     99.98% |        5368      0.00%     99.99% |         625      0.00%     99.99% |        1109      0.00%     99.99% |       19189      0.01%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total       153307664                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       1533456                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000004                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.002797                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     1533453    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         1533456                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    573542108                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.506550                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.186346                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      2.077133                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   573538873    100.00%    100.00% |        3056      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |          67      0.00%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     573542108                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    515705424                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   515705424    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    515705424                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     57836684                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     6.023246                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     5.444082                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     4.482904                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    57833449     99.99%     99.99% |        3056      0.01%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |          67      0.00%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     57836684                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    169457083                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.134534                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.441568                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      3.265626                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   169455334    100.00%    100.00% |        1525      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |          65      0.00%    100.00% |          93      0.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     169457083                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    133440984                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   133440984    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    133440984                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     36016099                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     6.338026                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     5.588888                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     5.266653                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    36014350    100.00%    100.00% |        1525      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |          65      0.00%    100.00% |          93      0.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     36016099                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   2841089678                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.079298                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.025818                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.885465                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  2841088485    100.00%    100.00% |        1129      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   2841089678                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2799051829                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2799051829    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2799051829                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     42037849                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     6.359266                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     5.599836                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     4.969146                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |    42036656    100.00%    100.00% |        1129      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     42037849                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      5826034                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.258728                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.079868                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.820404                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     5825957    100.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |          52      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      5826034                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5572134                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5572134    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      5572134                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       253900                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     6.936818                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     5.830778                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     6.506233                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      253823     99.97%     99.97% |          20      0.01%     99.98% |          52      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       253900                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       133649                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.476637                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.223560                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     7.212403                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      133566     99.94%     99.94% |          24      0.02%     99.96% |          54      0.04%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       133649                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       123761                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      123761    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       123761                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         9888                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    20.958637                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    15.288588                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    18.282595                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        9805     99.16%     99.16% |          24      0.24%     99.40% |          54      0.55%     99.95% |           1      0.01%     99.96% |           1      0.01%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           1      0.01%     99.98% |           1      0.01%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         9888                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       133649                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      133649    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       133649                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       133649                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      133649    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       133649                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       10085     51.74%     51.74% |        9407     48.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total        19492                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |        2117     53.04%     53.04% |        1874     46.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total         3991                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       10131     51.74%     51.74% |        9448     48.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total        19579                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |        3111     52.01%     52.01% |        2870     47.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total         5981                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          51     54.26%     54.26% |          43     45.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           94                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        1440     50.00%     50.00% |        1440     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2880                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |        1501     55.97%     55.97% |        1181     44.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total         2682                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       10085     51.74%     51.74% |        9407     48.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total        19492                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          46     52.87%     52.87% |          41     47.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           87                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         994     49.95%     49.95% |         996     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         1990                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          46     52.87%     52.87% |          41     47.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           87                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         994     49.95%     49.95% |         996     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         1990                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |        1666     53.85%     53.85% |        1428     46.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total         3094                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           5     71.43%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         446     50.11%     50.11% |         444     49.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          890                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |        1501     55.97%     55.97% |        1181     44.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total         2682                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       10085     51.74%     51.74% |        9407     48.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total        19492                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |        1666     53.85%     53.85% |        1428     46.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total         3094                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |           5     71.43%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           5     71.43%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         446     50.11%     50.11% |         444     49.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          890                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         446     50.11%     50.11% |         444     49.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          890                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2880                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |     5701620      0.99%      0.99% |   566025752     98.69%     99.68% |      830445      0.14%     99.83% |      984291      0.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total    573542108                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    27596088      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072219781120    100.00%    100.00% |     3721462      0.00%    100.00% |     4574405      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072255674368                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |     2176722      1.24%      1.24% |   172056132     98.01%     99.25% |      604785      0.34%     99.59% |      712776      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total    175550415                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |       67877      4.61%      4.61% |     1295249     87.95%     92.56% |       50015      3.40%     95.95% |       59615      4.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total      1472756                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |     1495645      1.10%      1.10% |   133182976     98.32%     99.42% |      359621      0.27%     99.69% |      422200      0.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total    135460442                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |      292756      2.88%      2.88% |     9321552     91.86%     94.74% |      258097      2.54%     97.29% |      275233      2.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total     10147638                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |     1219508      0.97%      0.97% |   124518667     98.82%     99.79% |      111544      0.09%     99.88% |      157063      0.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total    126006782                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      561994      0.97%      0.97% |    57013470     98.58%     99.55% |      117567      0.20%     99.75% |      143653      0.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     57836684                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      604258      1.44%      1.44% |    40988752     97.50%     98.94% |      209506      0.50%     99.44% |      235333      0.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total     42037849                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store   |      341920      0.94%      0.94% |    35835962     98.80%     99.75% |       40669      0.11%     99.86% |       51221      0.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store::total     36269772                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |       55354      7.02%      7.02% |      640044     81.13%     88.15% |       41876      5.31%     93.46% |       51623      6.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total       788897                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      307242      0.95%      0.95% |    31597401     98.21%     99.16% |      124446      0.39%     99.55% |      145661      0.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     32174750                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3749452      2.02%      2.02% |   174149977     94.05%     96.07% |     3452352      1.86%     97.93% |     3824315      2.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    185176096                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        4092     40.45%     40.45% |        2035     20.12%     60.57% |        1899     18.77%     79.35% |        2089     20.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        10115                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1490      2.79%      2.79% |       44145     82.77%     85.56% |        4028      7.55%     93.12% |        3672      6.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        53335                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |      287168      2.85%      2.85% |     9275405     91.98%     94.83% |      252141      2.50%     97.33% |      269465      2.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total     10084179                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     2746492      0.92%      0.92% |   294742266     98.96%     99.89% |      141788      0.05%     99.93% |      194432      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total    297824978                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |    23242378      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072004642816    100.00%    100.00% |       59604      0.00%    100.00% |      514757      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total 18446744072028459008                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       54036      1.35%      1.35% |     3905407     97.48%     98.82% |       21078      0.53%     99.35% |       26043      0.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      4006564                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        6677      1.29%      1.29% |      506626     97.96%     99.25% |        2023      0.39%     99.64% |        1861      0.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total       517187                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |      812781      0.95%      0.95% |    84268595     98.90%     99.86% |       45925      0.05%     99.91% |       75848      0.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total     85203149                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2085892      1.12%      1.12% |   182672615     98.37%     99.49% |      446644      0.24%     99.73% |      500545      0.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    185705696                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     1776674      1.31%      1.31% |   132312728     97.82%     99.13% |      541139      0.40%     99.53% |      633423      0.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total    135263964                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        4356      3.84%      3.84% |      104434     92.14%     95.99% |        2088      1.84%     97.83% |        2459      2.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total       113337                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |      395696      0.98%      0.98% |    39638976     98.67%     99.66% |       61555      0.15%     99.81% |       76887      0.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total     40173114                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data |      229532      3.43%      3.43% |     6042553     90.21%     93.63% |      208140      3.11%     96.74% |      218343      3.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data::total      6698568                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive |      374726      1.06%      1.06% |    34946199     98.89%     99.95% |        1366      0.00%     99.95% |       16990      0.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive::total     35339281                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       63224      1.83%      1.83% |     3278999     95.07%     96.90% |       49957      1.45%     98.35% |       56890      1.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      3449070                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      498770      0.92%      0.92% |    53734471     98.80%     99.72% |       67610      0.12%     99.84% |       86763      0.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total     54387614                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |      341920      0.94%      0.94% |    35835962     98.80%     99.75% |       40669      0.11%     99.86% |       51221      0.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total     36269772                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |        4092     40.45%     40.45% |        2035     20.12%     60.57% |        1899     18.77%     79.35% |        2089     20.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total        10115                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     1166252      1.17%      1.17% |    98002222     98.13%     99.29% |      327073      0.33%     99.62% |      378986      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     99874533                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      346012      0.95%      0.95% |    35837997     98.78%     99.74% |       42568      0.12%     99.85% |       53310      0.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     36279887                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |     1208477      0.96%      0.96% |   123907571     98.83%     99.79% |      107480      0.09%     99.88% |      152735      0.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total    125376263                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |        4356      3.84%      3.84% |      104434     92.14%     95.99% |        2088      1.84%     97.83% |        2459      2.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total       113337                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        9875     23.95%     23.95% |        4975     12.06%     36.01% |       13917     33.75%     69.76% |       12469     30.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        41236                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |      125690      4.33%      4.33% |     2586534     89.10%     93.43% |       87380      3.01%     96.44% |      103452      3.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      2903056                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |       10064     23.70%     23.70% |        3964      9.34%     33.04% |       12650     29.80%     62.84% |       15778     37.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        42456                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      151922      1.70%      1.70% |     8636043     96.72%     98.42% |       56486      0.63%     99.05% |       84523      0.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      8928974                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         310     32.98%     32.98% |         193     20.53%     53.51% |         195     20.74%     74.26% |         242     25.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total          940                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        7755     41.86%     41.86% |         498      2.69%     44.55% |        5739     30.98%     75.53% |        4532     24.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        18524                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        1681     31.00%     31.00% |         969     17.87%     48.87% |         862     15.90%     64.77% |        1910     35.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         5422                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       68339      1.25%      1.25% |     5344251     97.98%     99.23% |       14497      0.27%     99.50% |       27259      0.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      5454346                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        4566     24.65%     24.65% |        4678     25.25%     49.90% |        3401     18.36%     68.26% |        5879     31.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        18524                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       81599      2.35%      2.35% |     3288748     94.60%     96.95% |       47607      1.37%     98.32% |       58521      1.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      3476475                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |       63521      4.67%      4.67% |     1190815     87.60%     92.27% |       47927      3.53%     95.80% |       57156      4.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total      1359419                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       16458     47.71%     47.71% |        7507     21.76%     69.47% |        4578     13.27%     82.74% |        5956     17.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        34499                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        7163     42.03%     42.03% |        3040     17.84%     59.87% |        2790     16.37%     76.24% |        4049     23.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        17042                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       96516      1.19%      1.19% |     7953586     98.19%     99.38% |       15658      0.19%     99.58% |       34275      0.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      8100035                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      125603      1.99%      1.99% |     6030183     95.70%     97.69% |       61665      0.98%     98.67% |       83598      1.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      6301049                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       30582      1.15%      1.15% |     2608463     98.29%     99.45% |        4702      0.18%     99.62% |        9971      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      2653718                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |        5850     35.60%     35.60% |        2708     16.48%     52.08% |        4099     24.94%     77.02% |        3776     22.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total        16433                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      231483      2.49%      2.49% |     8635577     92.91%     95.40% |      209920      2.26%     97.66% |      217692      2.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      9294672                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        4244     40.96%     40.96% |        2065     19.93%     60.89% |        1918     18.51%     79.40% |        2134     20.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        10361                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |       54816      6.63%      6.63% |      682267     82.57%     89.20% |       40626      4.92%     94.12% |       48610      5.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       826319                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |        2028     12.74%     12.74% |        1922     12.08%     24.82% |        5278     33.17%     57.99% |        6685     42.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        15913                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |        4009     64.01%     64.01% |          43      0.69%     64.70% |        1009     16.11%     80.81% |        1202     19.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total         6263                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |        1238     98.33%     98.33% |           6      0.48%     98.81% |          10      0.79%     99.60% |           5      0.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total         1259                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |        3962     16.11%     16.11% |        2238      9.10%     25.21% |        9747     39.63%     64.84% |        8647     35.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total        24594                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |       55406      6.68%      6.68% |      682457     82.33%     89.01% |       40828      4.93%     93.94% |       50248      6.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total       828939                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |       66014      1.28%      1.28% |     5057160     97.94%     99.22% |       13499      0.26%     99.48% |       26999      0.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total      5163672                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |        2278      0.78%      0.78% |      287057     98.80%     99.59% |         997      0.34%     99.93% |         200      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       290532                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |          49     32.89%     32.89% |          15     10.07%     42.95% |          27     18.12%     61.07% |          58     38.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          149                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |        2156      0.75%      0.75% |      282922     98.84%     99.59% |         992      0.35%     99.94% |         173      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total       286243                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           4     66.67%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |          21     23.86%     23.86% |           8      9.09%     32.95% |          24     27.27%     60.23% |          35     39.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total           88                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |     1142463      0.95%      0.95% |   118850411     98.87%     99.82% |       93981      0.08%     99.90% |      125736      0.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total    120212591                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |        5751      1.72%      1.72% |      323943     96.79%     98.51% |        2067      0.62%     99.13% |        2916      0.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       334677                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |        2955     57.20%     57.20% |          45      0.87%     58.07% |        1020     19.74%     77.82% |        1146     22.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         5166                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      805157      0.96%      0.96% |    83336419     98.89%     99.84% |       54479      0.06%     99.91% |       76494      0.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     84272549                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |      309948      0.92%      0.92% |    33227463     98.85%     99.77% |       35938      0.11%     99.88% |       41200      0.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     33614549                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |          63     30.14%     30.14% |          29     13.88%     44.02% |          71     33.97%     77.99% |          46     22.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total          209                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       94360      1.21%      1.21% |     7670664     98.17%     99.38% |       14666      0.19%     99.56% |       34102      0.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      7813792                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         306     32.76%     32.76% |         192     20.56%     53.32% |         195     20.88%     74.20% |         241     25.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total          934                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        7734     41.95%     41.95% |         490      2.66%     44.61% |        5715     31.00%     75.61% |        4497     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        18436                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       68339      1.25%      1.25% |     5344251     97.98%     99.23% |       14497      0.27%     99.50% |       27259      0.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      5454346                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        4566     24.65%     24.65% |        4678     25.25%     49.90% |        3401     18.36%     68.26% |        5879     31.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        18524                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       52698      6.36%      6.36% |      681254     82.26%     88.62% |       43767      5.28%     93.91% |       50460      6.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       828179                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        1681     31.00%     31.00% |         969     17.87%     48.87% |         862     15.90%     64.77% |        1910     35.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         5422                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       28901      1.09%      1.09% |     2607494     98.46%     99.55% |        3840      0.14%     99.70% |        8061      0.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      2648296                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |       16458     47.71%     47.71% |        7507     21.76%     69.47% |        4578     13.27%     82.74% |        5956     17.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        34499                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        7163     42.03%     42.03% |        3040     17.84%     59.87% |        2790     16.37%     76.24% |        4049     23.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total        17042                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       96516      1.19%      1.19% |     7953586     98.19%     99.38% |       15658      0.19%     99.58% |       34275      0.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      8100035                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       54816      6.63%      6.63% |      682267     82.57%     89.20% |       40626      4.92%     94.12% |       48610      5.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       826319                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        2028     12.74%     12.74% |        1922     12.08%     24.82% |        5278     33.17%     57.99% |        6685     42.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        15913                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |       56844      6.75%      6.75% |      684189     81.24%     87.98% |       45904      5.45%     93.43% |       55295      6.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total       842232                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |         146      3.36%      3.36% |        4141     95.33%     98.69% |           8      0.18%     98.87% |          49      1.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total         4344                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        2278      0.78%      0.78% |      287057     98.80%     99.59% |         997      0.34%     99.93% |         200      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       290532                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |          49     32.89%     32.89% |          15     10.07%     42.95% |          27     18.12%     61.07% |          58     38.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          149                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |        2181      0.76%      0.76% |      282931     98.81%     99.57% |        1016      0.35%     99.93% |         209      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total       286337                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |        4210      3.86%      3.86% |      100293     92.02%     95.88% |        2080      1.91%     97.79% |        2410      2.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total       108993                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        5751      1.72%      1.72% |      323943     96.79%     98.51% |        2067      0.62%     99.13% |        2916      0.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       334677                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        2955     57.20%     57.20% |          45      0.87%     58.07% |        1020     19.74%     77.82% |        1146     22.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         5166                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |        4496      1.95%      1.95% |      223695     96.90%     98.85% |        1007      0.44%     99.28% |        1652      0.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total       230850                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        6301057      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        2653718      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE        11620      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        8100035      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement         3030      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean         2746      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data         19492      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack           6673      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data           8885      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean         9848      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack                693      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all            413      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          18524      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      8119683      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv           1794      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS         8116      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX        11376      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       828179      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         5422      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE        11620      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement           28      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean          313      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.MEM_Inv           72      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      5446230      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX      2635980      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement         2931      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean         2314      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv          806      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        18524      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX          940      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      8100035      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement           71      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean          119      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv           19      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack         6673      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv          806      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data           69      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean           21      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv           19      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data           64      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean           55      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack            566      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all          313      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            127      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          100      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.MEM_Inv           72      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data         8116      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data        11376      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        17042      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      8102641      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         8752      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean         9771      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        18523      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.941447                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3941446508500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               55180427809001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 132979                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   226594                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              258257470                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2102728                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15261.69                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2029491153                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3458203496                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1871360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           1871360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0       880640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         880640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        29240                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              29240                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        13760                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             13760                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       474790                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total               474790                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0       223431                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              223431                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0       698221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total              698221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      29240                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     13760                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    29240                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   13760                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               1866688                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   4672                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 880192                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                1871360                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              880640                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    73                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             2448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             1439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             1981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             1420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             1541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             1354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             2090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             1717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             1975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            1870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            1729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            1498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            1543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            2346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            2648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             1522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             1212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4              573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             1061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             1004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10             816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11             685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            1005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            1306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 3941446303500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                29240                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               13760                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  28531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    629                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                   800                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                   845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                   854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                   856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                   863                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                   866                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                   847                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                   848                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                   845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                   844                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                   844                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                   844                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                   841                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                   841                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                   839                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                   838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        17939                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   153.123363                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   105.075019                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   190.485809                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        10929     60.92%     60.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4219     23.52%     84.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1183      6.59%     91.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          494      2.75%     93.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          295      1.64%     95.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          202      1.13%     96.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          126      0.70%     97.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          106      0.59%     97.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          385      2.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        17939                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          838                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     43.977327                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   285.481945                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          835     99.64%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            2      0.24%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      0.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          838                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          838                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.411695                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.376004                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.159329                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16             725     86.52%     86.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      0.12%     86.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18              51      6.09%     92.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              23      2.74%     95.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              28      3.34%     98.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               6      0.72%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               2      0.24%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               1      0.12%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::27               1      0.12%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          838                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   397735738                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              944616988                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 145835000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    13636.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               32386.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.47                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.47                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.78                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   18506                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   6475                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                63.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               47.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                  91661541.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   58.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                71184960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                38841000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              135571800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy              44349120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        257684300640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         92886102180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        2285668813500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2636529163200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           668.279971                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3800366058500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 131613560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   9466131250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                84188160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                45936000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              151967400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy              44770320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        257684300640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         94294455615                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        2284433415750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2636739033885                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           668.333167                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3798781283001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 131613560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  11052178249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1821056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           1821056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1       854144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         854144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        28454                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              28454                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        13346                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             13346                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       462027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total               462027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1       216708                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total              216708                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1       678736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total              678736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      28454                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     13346                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    28454                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   13346                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               1815680                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   5376                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 852352                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                1821056                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              854144                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    84                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                   25                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             2306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             1413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             1814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             1414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             1507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             1559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             1310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             2032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             1722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             1941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            1845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            1723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            1415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            1478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            2336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            2555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             1435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             1145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4              530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6              405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8              839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9              982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10             800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11             677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            1004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            1274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 3941445305500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                28454                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               13346                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  27810                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    551                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                    98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                   784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                   816                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                   832                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                   824                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                   831                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                   838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                   820                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                   823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                   825                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                   817                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                   823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                   817                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                   820                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                   815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                   815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                   814                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        17098                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   156.047257                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   106.316037                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   194.014754                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        10328     60.40%     60.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3973     23.24%     83.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1171      6.85%     90.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          515      3.01%     93.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          315      1.84%     95.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          189      1.11%     96.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          114      0.67%     97.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           98      0.57%     97.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          395      2.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        17098                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          813                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     44.308733                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   288.985395                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          805     99.02%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            6      0.74%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.12%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            1      0.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          813                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          813                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.381304                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.348795                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.095105                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16             714     87.82%     87.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18              38      4.67%     92.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              24      2.95%     95.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              26      3.20%     98.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               8      0.98%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               3      0.37%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          813                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   374725740                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              906663240                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 141850000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    13208.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               31958.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.46                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   18177                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   6414                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                64.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               48.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  94292949.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   58.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                66928680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                36518625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              131414400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy              42372720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        257684300640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         92822581665                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        2285724533250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2636508649980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           668.274772                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3800574233500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 131613560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   9258111750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                81837000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                44653125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              149635200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy              43927920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        257684300640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         94165822575                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        2284546251750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2636716428210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           668.327437                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3798975676000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 131613560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10857231500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      7878998079                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   20351287                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     36300134                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             30864848                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses               8406789                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     662443                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      2164212                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    30864848                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                      8406789                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           59789924                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          23570174                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            14076642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes            7480253                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            14988829                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           10936085                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      8174135                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    6010221                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   2163914                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              7794806391.684996                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              84191687.315004                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.010686                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.989314                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          3001452                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               140793      0.39%      0.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 24104369     66.40%     66.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  215483      0.59%     67.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    41600      0.11%     67.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                3623931      9.98%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 6010221     16.56%     94.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                2163914      5.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  36300311                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      7883390882                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                 1996981586                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   3397575997                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           2762172045                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses            1010104752                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   50015724                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts    200214719                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  2762172045                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                   1010104752                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         5227381914                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        2056270023                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads          1701925105                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          899778502                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads          1291149212                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes         1041028150                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    739265264                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  572399620                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                 166865644                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              88989509.017315                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              7794401372.982685                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.988712                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.011288                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        261705007                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1529876      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu               2192892121     64.54%     64.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                24043618      0.71%     65.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   214031      0.01%     65.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              439631505     12.94%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               572399620     16.85%     95.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite              166865644      4.91%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                3397576463                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      7882772839                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    4845518                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      9916106                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              9719101                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 20543                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     250134                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       714310                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     9719101                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        20543                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           19811543                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           7896060                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               32891                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              16023                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             5383857                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            2893974                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      2416967                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    1457710                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    959257                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              7858333201.604177                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              24439637.395823                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.003100                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.996900                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          1060654                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               134098      1.35%      1.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  7295034     73.57%     74.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   13914      0.14%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    40888      0.41%     75.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  15304      0.15%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 1457710     14.70%     90.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 959257      9.67%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   9916221                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      7888211765                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    5938277                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     11875832                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             11636686                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  8017                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     297997                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       862695                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    11636686                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         8017                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           23585614                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           9566640                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               12855                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               6219                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             6406203                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            3883018                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      2751093                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    1730077                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1021016                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              7857693650.694468                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              30518114.305532                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.003869                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.996131                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1255919                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               130330      1.10%      1.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  8928065     75.18%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   19041      0.16%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    42029      0.35%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   5633      0.05%     76.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     76.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 1730077     14.57%     91.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1021016      8.60%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  11876207                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 6651                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                6651                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                8535                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               8535                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               885                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              885                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1708                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1700                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4644                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           92                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4590                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4878                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio        11268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        16322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   32142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          852                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          852                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           66                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          190                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8556                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           52                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3364                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          166                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4924                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8550                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          338                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8706                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         5140                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         5634                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4852                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        15676                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    44904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               240500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              6083481                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             8129500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             3377991                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             3133972                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             3422490                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             3378991                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1265494                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             3518500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             3471500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             3742500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy            13587500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           47                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       192512                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           47                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples              361793313                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.150322                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 1.086360                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |   354999271     98.12%     98.12% |        7820      0.00%     98.12% |     6784338      1.88%    100.00% |         544      0.00%    100.00% |        1260      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          51      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                361793313                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   7194452186                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000409                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  7194450983    100.00%    100.00% |        1203      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   7194452186                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     7194452186                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.198916                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.067101                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         1.433063                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  7194449203    100.00%    100.00% |        1896      0.00%    100.00% |        1034      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       7194452186                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   6921457773                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  6921457773    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   6921457773                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples    272994413                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     6.242193                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     5.537653                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     5.261581                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |   272991430    100.00%    100.00% |        1896      0.00%    100.00% |        1034      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total    272994413                      
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits      7230517                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses       945794                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses      8176311                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits     27706025                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses       641859                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses     28347884                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits    646302380                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses     92975665                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses    739278045                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits   2767899087                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses     41088921                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses   2808988008                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits      2153694                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses       266838                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses      2420532                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits      6199654                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses       288136                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses      6487790                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits      2450346                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses       302792                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses      2753138                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits      7488289                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses       329988                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses      7818277                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits       1405454                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses       182199                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses      1587653                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits     125347862                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses      8716724                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses    134064586                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits        437686                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses       117288                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses       554974                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits        475245                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses       157535                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses       632780                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      9086078                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        87668                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      9173746                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            24                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.008580                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0       182199                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2        22175                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1       194770                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1       145206                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2       123199                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        46228                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          225                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        61519                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0      1457592                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       177400                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14023440                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1161648                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       985592                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3328416                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        16200                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       492152                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.436420                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0      8716724                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2         9674                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1      8717830                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1      8026353                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8015757                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3296605                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          166                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4710089                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0     69733792                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        77392                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    627683760                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     64210824                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     64126056                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    237355560                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        11952                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     37680712                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.005384                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0       117288                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2        25705                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1       130951                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1        73104                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::2        60937                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        24211                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          177                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        22645                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0       938304                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       205640                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9428472                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       584832                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       487496                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1743192                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        12744                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       181160                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.007107                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0       157535                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2        24070                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1       168951                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1       103912                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::2        91771                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        33419                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          133                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        41220                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0      1260280                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       192560                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12164472                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       831296                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       734168                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2406168                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         9576                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       329760                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.458119                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0      9231353                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2        54692                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1      9234976                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1      8313710                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8291664                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3400463                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          701                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4835473                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0     73850824                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       437536                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    664918272                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     66509680                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     66333312                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    244833336                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        50472                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     38683784                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.001391                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0        29194                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1        41949                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1        28753                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1557                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0       233552                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3020328                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       230024                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12456                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.001350                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0        28413                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1        40742                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1        27526                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1547                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0       227304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2933424                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       220208                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12376                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.000022                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3104                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6912                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        24832                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.070651                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0      9231353                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2        81624                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1      9265133                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1      8359282                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8291664                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3400463                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          701                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4838577                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0     73850824                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       652992                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    667089576                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     66874256                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     66333312                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    244833336                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        50472                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     38708616                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        27694059                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       217940                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     27795398                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     49952838                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     10203492                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     14524755                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        221552472                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      1743520                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   2001268656                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    399622704                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    734651424                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    116198040                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.011025                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        22175                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       175872                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       133143                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       177400                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12662784                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1065144                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.006134                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       182199                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        18898                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        12063                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       123199                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        46228                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          225                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        61519                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1457592                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1360656                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        96504                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       985592                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3328416                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        16200                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       492152                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.548353                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         9674                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      8713677                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      8019444                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        77392                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    627384744                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     64155552                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.324486                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      8716724                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4153                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6909                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8015757                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3296605                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          166                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4710089                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     69733792                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       299016                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        55272                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     64126056                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    237355560                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        11952                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     37680712                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.007042                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        25705                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       114204                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        56683                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       205640                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8222688                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       453464                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003726                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       117288                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        16747                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        16421                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        60937                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        24211                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          177                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        22645                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       938304                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1205784                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       131368                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       487496                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1743192                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        12744                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       181160                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.009493                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        24070                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       153789                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        88442                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       192560                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11072808                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       707536                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004722                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       157535                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        15162                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        15470                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        91771                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        33419                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          133                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        41220                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1260280                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1091664                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       123760                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       734168                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2406168                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         9576                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       329760                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.340613                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      9173746                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        82507                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        46374                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8291664                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3400463                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          701                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4835473                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     73389968                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5940504                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       370992                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     66333312                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    244833336                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        50472                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     38683784                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.575625                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        57607                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        54692                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      9152469                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      8267336                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       460856                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       437536                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    658977768                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     66138688                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000970                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        29194                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        12702                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         7799                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1557                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       233552                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       914544                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        62392                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12456                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001812                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        29247                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        20954                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2105784                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       167632                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000938                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        28413                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        12286                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         7397                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1547                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       227304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       884592                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        59176                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12376                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001762                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        28456                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        20129                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2048832                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       161032                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000025                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6912                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000020                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3104                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        24832                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.link_utilization     0.011025                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        22175                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1       175872                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1       133143                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       177400                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12662784                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1065144                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.link_utilization     0.548353                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2         9674                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1      8713677                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1      8019444                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        77392                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    627384744                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     64155552                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.link_utilization     0.007042                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2        25705                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1       114204                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1        56683                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       205640                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8222688                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       453464                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.link_utilization     0.009493                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2        24070                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1       153789                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1        88442                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       192560                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11072808                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       707536                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.link_utilization     0.340613                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0      9173746                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        82507                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1        46374                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8291664                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3400463                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          701                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4835473                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0     73389968                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5940504                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       370992                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     66333312                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    244833336                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        50472                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     38683784                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.link_utilization     0.000970                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0        29194                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1        12702                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1         7799                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1557                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0       233552                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       914544                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        62392                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12456                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.link_utilization     0.000938                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0        28413                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1        12286                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1         7397                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1547                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0       227304                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       884592                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        59176                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12376                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.link_utilization     0.000025                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6912                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle12.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      50905975                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.059938                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        2.713273                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    44164160     86.76%     86.76% |        2035      0.00%     86.76% |     6737941     13.24%    100.00% |         521      0.00%    100.00% |        1238      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          51      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        50905975                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples     307732493                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.001392                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.102000                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |   307667282     99.98%     99.98% |       12985      0.00%     99.98% |        2218      0.00%     99.98% |        3566      0.00%     99.98% |       46191      0.02%    100.00% |         206      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total       307732493                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       3154845                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000005                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.003561                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     3154838    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         3154845                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples   1149102177                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.509846                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.186609                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      2.183213                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |  1149100967    100.00%    100.00% |         799      0.00%    100.00% |         383      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total    1149102177                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1033155842                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1033155842    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1033155842                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples    115946335                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     6.052904                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     5.450514                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     4.927740                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |   115945125    100.00%    100.00% |         799      0.00%    100.00% |         383      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total    115946335                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    340287248                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.138579                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.440350                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      3.457321                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   340279816    100.00%    100.00% |        6118      0.00%    100.00% |         242      0.00%    100.00% |         517      0.00%    100.00% |         378      0.00%    100.00% |         159      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     340287248                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    268175723                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   268175723    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    268175723                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     72111525                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     6.372845                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     5.594938                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     5.801319                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    72104093     99.99%     99.99% |        6118      0.01%    100.00% |         242      0.00%    100.00% |         517      0.00%    100.00% |         378      0.00%    100.00% |         159      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     72111525                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   5692731637                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.079750                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.025883                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.904985                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  5692726123    100.00%    100.00% |        5098      0.00%    100.00% |         125      0.00%    100.00% |         180      0.00%    100.00% |          68      0.00%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   5692731637                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   5608344884                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  5608344884    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   5608344884                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     84386753                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     6.379957                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     5.606022                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     5.170559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |    84381239     99.99%     99.99% |        5098      0.01%    100.00% |         125      0.00%    100.00% |         180      0.00%    100.00% |          68      0.00%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     84386753                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples     11721620                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.270906                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.081853                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.990471                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |    11721312    100.00%    100.00% |          69      0.00%    100.00% |         222      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total     11721620                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     11201490                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    11201490    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     11201490                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       520130                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     7.105131                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     5.888623                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     7.325860                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      519822     99.94%     99.94% |          69      0.01%     99.95% |         222      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       520130                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       304752                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.992423                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.301082                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     9.623684                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      304422     99.89%     99.89% |         304      0.10%     99.99% |           6      0.00%     99.99% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       304752                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       275082                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      275082    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       275082                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        29670                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    21.464948                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    14.930243                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    23.942937                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       29340     98.89%     98.89% |         304      1.02%     99.91% |           6      0.02%     99.93% |          13      0.04%     99.98% |           5      0.02%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        29670                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       304752                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      304752    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       304752                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       304752                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      304752    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       304752                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       29194     50.68%     50.68% |       28413     49.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total        57607                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       12702     50.83%     50.83% |       12286     49.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total        24988                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       29240     50.68%     50.68% |       28454     49.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total        57694                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       13760     50.76%     50.76% |       13346     49.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total        27106                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          53     55.21%     55.21% |          43     44.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           96                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        1504     50.00%     50.00% |        1504     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         3008                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |        7799     51.32%     51.32% |        7397     48.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        15196                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       29194     50.68%     50.68% |       28413     49.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total        57607                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          46     52.87%     52.87% |          41     47.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           87                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        1058     49.95%     49.95% |        1060     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2118                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          46     52.87%     52.87% |          41     47.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           87                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        1058     49.95%     49.95% |        1060     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         2118                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       12249     50.85%     50.85% |       11840     49.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total        24089                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           7     77.78%     77.78% |           2     22.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         446     50.11%     50.11% |         444     49.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          890                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |        7799     51.32%     51.32% |        7397     48.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        15196                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       29194     50.68%     50.68% |       28413     49.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total        57607                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       12249     50.85%     50.85% |       11840     49.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total        24089                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |           7     77.78%     77.78% |           2     22.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           7     77.78%     77.78% |           2     22.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         446     50.11%     50.11% |         444     49.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          890                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         446     50.11%     50.11% |         444     49.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          890                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          96    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           96                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          96    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             96                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          96    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           96                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          96    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           96                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         3008                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |     5870359      1.02%      1.02% |   566693763     98.46%     99.48% |     1370158      0.24%     99.72% |     1625789      0.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total    575560069                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    28347884      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072223571968    100.00%    100.00% |     6487790      0.00%    100.00% |     7818277      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072266227712                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |     2305952      1.30%      1.30% |   172584282     97.47%     98.77% |     1050374      0.59%     99.36% |     1127349      0.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total    177067957                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |       76085      4.94%      4.94% |     1318391     85.62%     90.56% |       66369      4.31%     94.87% |       78920      5.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total      1539765                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |     1568040      1.15%      1.15% |   133401354     98.00%     99.15% |      539822      0.40%     99.55% |      616367      0.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total    136125583                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |      332342      3.19%      3.19% |     9408647     90.29%     93.48% |      323854      3.11%     96.59% |      355092      3.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total     10419935                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |     1255311      0.99%      0.99% |   124655939     98.60%     99.60% |      231120      0.18%     99.78% |      277688      0.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total    126420058                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      588582      1.01%      1.01% |    57106100     98.27%     99.29% |      194046      0.33%     99.62% |      220923      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     58109651                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      641859      1.52%      1.52% |    41088921     97.02%     98.54% |      288136      0.68%     99.22% |      329988      0.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total     42348904                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store   |      352433      0.97%      0.97% |    35866617     98.62%     99.59% |       70044      0.19%     99.78% |       78362      0.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store::total     36367456                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |       61246      7.30%      7.30% |      658098     78.41%     85.70% |       53962      6.43%     92.13% |       66036      7.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total       839342                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      323587      1.00%      1.00% |    31637494     97.91%     98.91% |      161839      0.50%     99.41% |      190432      0.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     32313352                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     4379572      2.29%      2.29% |   176670933     92.29%     94.58% |     4625022      2.42%     97.00% |     5750549      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    191426076                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        4779     34.18%     34.18% |        2948     21.08%     55.26% |        2748     19.65%     74.92% |        3507     25.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        13982                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2180      3.67%      3.67% |       46172     77.70%     81.37% |        5580      9.39%     90.76% |        5491      9.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        59423                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |      325379      3.14%      3.14% |     9359543     90.46%     93.61% |      315494      3.05%     96.65% |      346105      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total     10346521                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     2803007      0.94%      0.94% |   294975109     98.84%     99.78% |      291836      0.10%     99.88% |      360218      0.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total    298430170                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |    23326453      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072005812224    100.00%    100.00% |     1574632      0.00%    100.00% |     1737740      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total 18446744072032452608                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       59333      1.46%      1.46% |     3929100     96.55%     98.00% |       36712      0.90%     98.91% |       44530      1.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      4069675                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        6887      1.32%      1.32% |      507732     97.64%     98.96% |        2726      0.52%     99.49% |        2661      0.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total       520006                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |      831874      0.97%      0.97% |    84349536     98.71%     99.69% |      118929      0.14%     99.83% |      148592      0.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total     85448931                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2155183      1.15%      1.15% |   182975060     98.00%     99.16% |      722437      0.39%     99.54% |      854216      0.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    186706896                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     1889407      1.38%      1.38% |   132785617     97.20%     98.58% |      940870      0.69%     99.27% |     1000950      0.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total    136616844                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        5772      4.77%      4.77% |      106389     87.93%     92.70% |        4101      3.39%     96.09% |        4731      3.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total       120993                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |      410787      1.02%      1.02% |    39692275     98.42%     99.44% |      105399      0.26%     99.70% |      121670      0.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total     40330131                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data |      262146      3.79%      3.79% |     6112362     88.41%     92.20% |      257494      3.72%     95.92% |      281937      4.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data::total      6913939                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive |      379713      1.07%      1.07% |    34976559     98.71%     99.78% |       30642      0.09%     99.86% |       48051      0.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive::total     35434965                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       70196      2.00%      2.00% |     3296285     94.02%     96.02% |       66360      1.89%     97.91% |       73155      2.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      3505996                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      518386      0.95%      0.95% |    53809815     98.55%     99.50% |      127686      0.23%     99.73% |      147768      0.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total     54603655                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |      352433      0.97%      0.97% |    35866617     98.62%     99.59% |       70044      0.19%     99.78% |       78363      0.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total     36367457                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |        4779     34.18%     34.18% |        2948     21.09%     55.27% |        2748     19.66%     74.92% |        3506     25.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total        13981                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     1230441      1.22%      1.22% |    98195021     97.75%     98.97% |      482182      0.48%     99.45% |      550911      0.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    100458555                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      357212      0.98%      0.98% |    35869565     98.59%     99.57% |       72792      0.20%     99.77% |       81870      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     36381439                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |     1242661      0.99%      0.99% |   124041811     98.62%     99.61% |      224328      0.18%     99.79% |      270262      0.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total    125779062                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |        5772      4.77%      4.77% |      106389     87.93%     92.70% |        4101      3.39%     96.09% |        4731      3.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total       120993                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       12288     23.83%     23.83% |        7075     13.72%     37.55% |       16598     32.19%     69.74% |       15603     30.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        51564                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |      139282      4.61%      4.61% |     2629832     86.99%     91.60% |      116266      3.85%     95.44% |      137776      4.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      3023156                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |       12888     22.86%     22.86% |        6950     12.33%     35.19% |       16472     29.22%     64.41% |       20064     35.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        56374                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      169791      1.86%      1.86% |     8709256     95.48%     97.34% |      101469      1.11%     98.45% |      141316      1.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      9121832                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         876     16.98%     16.98% |        1045     20.25%     37.23% |        1467     28.43%     65.66% |        1772     34.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         5160                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        9012     36.19%     36.19% |        1554      6.24%     42.43% |        7640     30.68%     73.11% |        6695     26.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        24901                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        1708     28.89%     28.89% |        1055     17.85%     46.74% |         940     15.90%     62.64% |        2209     37.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         5912                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       75668      1.36%      1.36% |     5385123     96.97%     98.33% |       35349      0.64%     98.97% |       57180      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      5553320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        5577     22.40%     22.40% |        6109     24.53%     46.93% |        5238     21.04%     67.97% |        7976     32.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        24900                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       92919      2.60%      2.60% |     3321390     92.95%     95.55% |       72677      2.03%     97.58% |       86424      2.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      3573410                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |       70313      4.96%      4.96% |     1212002     85.43%     90.38% |       62268      4.39%     94.77% |       74189      5.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total      1418772                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       17361     43.77%     43.77% |        8648     21.81%     65.58% |        5803     14.63%     80.21% |        7848     19.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        39660                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        8035     36.33%     36.33% |        4102     18.55%     54.88% |        4024     18.19%     73.07% |        5955     26.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        22116                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      107747      1.31%      1.31% |     8006694     97.22%     98.52% |       46856      0.57%     99.09% |       74639      0.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      8235936                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      140245      2.17%      2.17% |     6092199     94.30%     96.47% |       96938      1.50%     97.97% |      130920      2.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      6460302                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       35627      1.32%      1.32% |     2621478     97.19%     98.51% |       17265      0.64%     99.15% |       22869      0.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      2697239                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |        7047     33.28%     33.28% |        3738     17.65%     50.93% |        5251     24.80%     75.72% |        5141     24.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total        21177                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      263658      2.77%      2.77% |     8701483     91.54%     94.31% |      261027      2.75%     97.06% |      279888      2.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      9506056                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        5064     34.34%     34.34% |        3032     20.56%     54.90% |        2957     20.05%     74.95% |        3695     25.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        14748                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |       61216      6.94%      6.94% |      702050     79.62%     86.57% |       53889      6.11%     92.68% |       64551      7.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       881706                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |        2209     12.95%     12.95% |        2220     13.01%     25.96% |        5653     33.14%     59.10% |        6977     40.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        17059                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |        4107     59.55%     59.55% |          88      1.28%     60.82% |        1238     17.95%     78.77% |        1464     21.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total         6897                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |        1263     86.68%     86.68% |          15      1.03%     87.71% |         128      8.79%     96.50% |          51      3.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total         1457                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |        5015     16.90%     16.90% |        3170     10.68%     27.58% |       11166     37.62%     65.20% |       10329     34.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total        29680                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |       62044      7.00%      7.00% |      702562     79.31%     86.31% |       54613      6.16%     92.47% |       66677      7.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total       885896                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |       73250      1.39%      1.39% |     5097514     96.89%     98.28% |       33930      0.64%     98.93% |       56516      1.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total      5261210                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |        2350      0.81%      0.81% |      287541     98.56%     99.37% |        1291      0.44%     99.81% |         546      0.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       291728                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |          70     18.92%     18.92% |          64     17.30%     36.22% |         135     36.49%     72.70% |         101     27.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          370                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv    |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           3     60.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |        2208      0.77%      0.77% |      283313     98.64%     99.40% |        1238      0.43%     99.84% |         472      0.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total       287231                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           4     33.33%     33.33% |           2     16.67%     50.00% |           3     25.00%     75.00% |           3     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total           12                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |          34     14.17%     14.17% |          47     19.58%     33.75% |         101     42.08%     75.83% |          58     24.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total          240                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |     1169410      0.97%      0.97% |   118944297     98.69%     99.66% |      190398      0.16%     99.82% |      213746      0.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total    120517851                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |        6075      1.80%      1.80% |      325325     96.21%     98.01% |        2953      0.87%     98.88% |        3791      1.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       338144                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |        4165     38.72%     38.72% |        1191     11.07%     49.79% |        2448     22.76%     72.54% |        2954     27.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        10758                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      822431      0.97%      0.97% |    83401251     98.72%     99.69% |      122979      0.15%     99.84% |      138639      0.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     84485300                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |      315258      0.94%      0.94% |    33245040     98.74%     99.68% |       52442      0.16%     99.84% |       55254      0.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     33667994                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |         225     32.10%     32.10% |         166     23.68%     55.78% |         177     25.25%     81.03% |         133     18.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total          701                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |      105539      1.33%      1.33% |     7723381     97.17%     98.49% |       45618      0.57%     99.07% |       74167      0.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      7948705                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         872     16.94%     16.94% |        1043     20.26%     37.20% |        1464     28.44%     65.64% |        1769     34.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         5148                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        8977     36.40%     36.40% |        1507      6.11%     42.51% |        7539     30.57%     73.09% |        6637     26.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        24660                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       75668      1.36%      1.36% |     5385123     96.97%     98.33% |       35349      0.64%     98.97% |       57180      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      5553320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        5577     22.40%     22.40% |        6109     24.53%     46.93% |        5238     21.04%     67.97% |        7976     32.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        24900                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       59000      6.69%      6.69% |      700967     79.47%     86.16% |       56351      6.39%     92.54% |       65764      7.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       882082                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        1708     28.89%     28.89% |        1055     17.85%     46.74% |         940     15.90%     62.64% |        2209     37.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         5912                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       33919      1.26%      1.26% |     2620423     97.37%     98.63% |       16326      0.61%     99.23% |       20660      0.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      2691328                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |       17361     43.77%     43.77% |        8648     21.81%     65.58% |        5803     14.63%     80.21% |        7848     19.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        39660                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        8035     36.33%     36.33% |        4102     18.55%     54.88% |        4024     18.19%     73.07% |        5955     26.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total        22116                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      107747      1.31%      1.31% |     8006694     97.22%     98.52% |       46856      0.57%     99.09% |       74639      0.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      8235936                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.Store |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.Store::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       61216      6.94%      6.94% |      702050     79.62%     86.57% |       53889      6.11%     92.68% |       64551      7.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       881706                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        2209     12.95%     12.95% |        2220     13.01%     25.96% |        5653     33.14%     59.10% |        6977     40.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        17059                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |       63425      7.06%      7.06% |      704270     78.36%     85.42% |       59542      6.62%     92.04% |       71528      7.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total       898765                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |         173      3.75%      3.75% |        4242     92.02%     95.77% |          81      1.76%     97.53% |         114      2.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total         4610                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        2350      0.81%      0.81% |      287541     98.56%     99.37% |        1291      0.44%     99.81% |         546      0.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       291728                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |          70     18.92%     18.92% |          64     17.30%     36.22% |         135     36.49%     72.70% |         101     27.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          370                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |        2247      0.78%      0.78% |      283363     98.57%     99.35% |        1345      0.47%     99.81% |         533      0.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total       287488                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.WriteBack |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.WriteBack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |        5599      4.81%      4.81% |      102147     87.77%     92.58% |        4020      3.45%     96.03% |        4617      3.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total       116383                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        6075      1.80%      1.80% |      325325     96.21%     98.01% |        2953      0.87%     98.88% |        3791      1.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       338144                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        4165     38.72%     38.72% |        1191     11.07%     49.79% |        2448     22.76%     72.54% |        2954     27.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        10758                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |        4640      2.00%      2.00% |      224369     96.50%     98.49% |        1381      0.59%     99.08% |        2128      0.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total       232518                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.Fwd_GETS |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.Fwd_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.L0_Ack |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.L0_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        6460701      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        2697243      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE        16205      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        8235936      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement        23897      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean        15388      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data         57607      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack          40184      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          13342      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean        12259      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack               3476      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all           1815      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          24900      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      8266764      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv           1798      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS        30517      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX        27090      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       882080      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         5912      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE        16204      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          295      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean         1443      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.MEM_Inv           72      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      5522804      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX      2659078      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement        23326      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean        13536      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv          806      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        24900      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         5160      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      8235936      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement          276      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean          409      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv           21      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack        40184      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv          806      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data          233      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean           61      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv           21      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data          192      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean          215      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack           3005      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all         1443      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            471      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          367      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.MEM_Inv           72      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data        30516      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data        27090      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           66      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        22116      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS          327      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      8244648      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data        12916      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean        11976      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock            8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        24892      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
